most poker players think betting big is
the key to winning huge pots but what if
that's completely wrong I've earned over
seven figures in cash games and I
wouldn't have gotten there without
learning this sometimes the biggest
edges come from betting tiny today I'll
show you seven spots where small bets
actually make you way more money than
betting big ready let's jump in all
right so the first spot we want to use
tiny bets to our advantage is the small
three bet pre flop let me explain all
right so we're going to start with the
small three bet pre flop and I'm going
to show you where to use this so let's
say we're playing in a 510 game and a
fish opens in the hijack and we are in
the cut off with kind of a marginal but
playable hand and notice in this spot we
have multiple Rags or Pros behind us on
the button the small blind and the big
blind this is a spot where I'd like to
use small three bets just to isolate the
fish so we can just play a ton of pots
heads up in position now this is going
to be very very hard for the rags behind
us to exploit because rags generally
play a forb bet or fold strategy they're
not going to do a lot of cold calls so
just by choosing a very small size here
we're generally just going to shut out
the rags behind us get to play a pot
heads up in position against the fish
which is where we win the most amount of
money and the only way these Rags can
exploit us behind is either by one
widening their cold forb bet range which
is uncomfortable and generally just
doesn't happen or number two just
working in a bunch of cold calls which a
lot of Rags just don't have that in
their game so you see here by isolating
small we shut out the rags the fish is
going to come along and we get our
favorite spot in poker heads up in a
three bet pot in position against a fish
now the one downside of the spot is we
miss out on a lot of value pre-f flop
fish are the most inelastic pre-f flop
meaning they're the most sticky they're
just going to continue the widest that's
where they make the biggest mistakes
generally so we're going to miss out on
a lot of value when we have very strong
hands one of the things I've
experimented with is kind of splitting
our three bet sizes here and when we do
have very strong hands like pocket
queens or pocket jacks or something like
that we're just going to use the big
three bet size for 4X 4.5x 5x something
like that and then we can just get more
value from when the fish opens and you
may be thinking well aren't all these
Rags behind us just going to exploit us
if we're using a small size with our
trash and big size with our Str strong
hands and the way we can kind of counter
that is by putting Aces kings ace King
suited in the small size as well and
then just using the Jacks tens Queens
Ace King off Ace Queen suited in the big
size so we do have some very very strong
hands in the small size here so the rags
behind will not be able to exploit us
again we could just simplify and just go
small with all of our hands but I think
we do miss out on quite a bit of value
this way now one thing I want to point
out when a fish opens in the hijack here
and we have three fish behind us on the
button small blind and big blind in this
particular spot we could just do
whatever our hand wants to do this is
not the spot where I'd be using the
small three bet sizing I wouldn't be
balancing here with Aces I'm just going
to go big because Aces want to play a
big pot and fish are generally going to
be in elastic so you see the time to use
these smaller sizes and maybe put some
stronger hands in our smaller sizes when
we have multiple Rags behind who are
going to be picking up on this and cold
for betting us some of the time but when
we have fish behind fish behind aren't
going to cold forbet unless they have
very very tip top of range fish in
general only cold forbet Aces and maybe
Kings and so we just want to choose a
big size with Aces we're not going to be
exploited by fish the reason why they're
fish is because they're not capable of
playing solid poker they're not capable
of making good adjustments so when we
have fish behind don't worry about the
small size just do whatever our hand
wants to do against a player who can't
even Bell poker all right so the next
spot where small bets outperform big
bets is the tiny bet on an ace high
board in a four bet pot so let me show
you all right so in this hand we're
going to open with the second best
handed poker in the cutof pocket aces
button is going to three bet we of
course are going to put in the four bet
here from out of position button calls
and look at that sweet baby
[Music]
there now in this spot I've had really
really good results going with a very
very very small seabed here maybe 10%
12% think about what happens when we go
very very small here if our opponent
does have a hand like kings or queens or
Jacks we don't let those hands off the
hook those hands are kind of going to be
forced to call one time for this very
very tiny size and if our opponent does
have an ace at this spr it doesn't
really matter we're probably going to
stack an ace no matter what so the point
here is we're trying to squeak out that
one street of value when our opponent
does have a hand like pocket Queens here
so what I like to do after our opponent
calls our very very tiny seab bet on the
Flop is just check my entire range here
on this turn when we have a hand like
Aces what happens if we check if our
opponent does have the last Ace in the
deck if they have a hand like Ace King
or Ace Queen suited they're going to bet
here at a high frequency we're going to
end up stacking that hand almost all of
the time anyway and if our opponent does
have a hand like kings queens jacks or
something like that by double barreling
on this turn we're just going to get
that stuff to fold anyway so we're not
really losing any money by letting that
hand check back and giving them a free
card in hopes that they hit on the river
so then we can stack them so I like to
do this with both my value when we have
a hand like Aces I will check on the
turn and also if I had a hand like King
High with nothing going on here I would
also check on the turn because if we
check over to our opponent and they bet
what are they going to have a high
percentage of the time well they're just
going to have a hand like Ace King Ace
Queen suited remember our opponent's
probably not turning hands like jacks or
queens or Kings into a bluff so if our
opponent bets on this turn we just fold
we get out of the way we know we're up
against the hand like acex at a high
frequency and if our opponent checks
back well then on the river we're just
going to choose the size on the river to
get hands like kings queens Jacks to
fold I don't think we need to go
particularly big to do that maybe 200
225 something like that gets the job
done and conversely when we do have Aces
on this River after the turn goes check
check we can just choose a very very
small size trying to string our opponent
along to get that last Street of value
when our opponent does have a hand like
kings queens Jacks conversely if we're
against a very very passive opponent who
we think May check back the turn at some
frequency with a hand like Ace queen or
Ace King or if we're against an
aggressive opponent who may just have
hands like ace four suited Ace three
suited Ace five suited in their range at
a high frequency then we can just choose
the bigger size targeting our opponent's
Ace X that may check back the turn now I
want to show a real example of this in
action so this was a real hand I played
while doing the 55 challenge at Hustler
so a pro opens in the cut off 220 a
for-profit try and player three bets on
the button 280 we look down at aces in
the big blind we put in the cold four
bet to 300 cut off folds button comes
along flop comes Ace 109 so we flop top
set here in a Four B pot running pretty
good and I go with the very very small C
bet here 75 into 622 our opponent calls
we go to a turn which is the Deuce of
Clubs here on these Ace High boards
after SE betting the Flop very very
small and a for pot I like to check my
entire range on the turn because if our
opponent does have a hand like Jack's
Queens Kings or whatever we are not
getting three streets anyway and if our
opponent does have a big draw or the
last Ace in the deck they're going to
put in the money for us so I check here
our opponent goes 325 when our opponent
chooses this size in a four bet pot I
just think he has the last ace at a very
high frequency or he's got some type of
big draw King Queen of Spades or queen
Jack of clubs or something like that and
if he does has the last Ace in the deck
well he either has Ace King which isn't
folding or he's got a hand like Ace five
of clubs which also is never folding so
I just put the money in here a massive
check raise after our opponent tells us
he has a strong hand our opponent calls
Rivers a blank we flip over our hand our
opponent says he has Ace King and mxs
and we win a very very big pot and you
could say in the spot well Mark you just
cooled your opponent you had top set and
he had top pair and a four bit pot of
course you're going to win all the money
I don't think that is true cuz if you
look at the beginning of this hand we
started over 400 big blinds deep in a 55
game and just going bet bet bet is not
going to get in all the money even in a
four bet pot so that's why I really
really like this strategy because it
allows us to maximize value against the
top of our opponent's range and it
allows our Bluffs to play a very
profitable line because we keep our
opponent range wide and weak with the
small B on the Flop and then if our
opponent checks back the turn after we
check to them we can just Bluff off that
wide weak range that we got to float the
small flop B all right the next spot
where little tiny baby bets outperform
the big boy bets is when we are C
betting in a three bet pot as the pre-
flap razor so let me show you so playing
25 once again cut off opens we three bet
on the button with quiggly and the cut
off is going to call Queen 84 we are
flopping top set quite a bit today
aren't we and you guys know when villain
checks over to us I like to choose the
size where our opponents are going to
raise their strong [ __ ] and call with
their weak [ __ ] so the deviation we have
to make here is the bigger the absolute
size of the pot the smaller our bet
actually has to be to accomplish that
goal of getting our opponent to raise
the strong [ __ ] and call with the weak
[ __ ] so in a three bet pot I may go 30%
35% in a single race pot we may be able
to go 50% 60% 2/3 something like that
but once the absolute size of the pot
gets bigger we need to size down when
our opponent does have a hand like
pocket 8s or pocket fours they're going
to put in more money for us they will
just check raise right here right now on
the Flop and also by choosing the small
size when our opponent does have hands
that we have basically drawing dead here
pocket sevens or pocket nines we
encourage our opponent to float with a
bunch of weak hands we would just never
get value from if we bet big so I
betting small our opponent puts in more
money for us when they have the top of
their range and we also get our
opponents to call with a bunch of weak
[ __ ] that we have essentially drawing
dead this is also great when we have a
bluff here maybe a hand like 10 nine of
Spades in the spot because if our
opponent just check calls on the Flop we
can rule out a bunch of very strong
hands like eights and fours and on a
blank turn like an offsuit Deuce we get
to say with a pretty high certainty that
the best hand our opponent has getting
to that turn if they check call on the
flap is a hand like Ace queen or king
queen which we feel a lot better about
getting top pair to fold than we do a
hand like pocket eights or pocket fours
which are never folding in a million
years all right now let's move on to the
turn the next bot we want to choose a
teeny tiny bet is when our opponent is
uncapped so let me explain all right so
we're going to open on the button here
with pocket sixes our opponent calls in
the big blind 10 six Deuce we flop
middle set our opponent checks it over
once again we're going to choose a small
size here on the flap choosing the size
where our opponent raises their strong
[ __ ] calls with the res ship usually we
can get away with going a little bit
bigger in a single race pot than we
would in a three bet pot so I'm going to
go 25 here and our opponent calls we go
to a turn which is a 10 of diamonds and
when our opponent checks it over in this
spot I would technically consider our
opponent uncapped they're not going to
have pocket Deuces that hand would
mostly raise on the Flop they're not
going to have pocket 10 that hand would
sometimes three bed pre- flop or
sometimes raise on the Flop so for being
super pedantic they're not technically
uncapped but on this turn I believe our
opponent just has a lot a lot lot a lot
of trips and if you put a AK-47 to my
head and said listen Mark you have to
make a hand like Queen 10 fold by the
river or else your brains are getting
blown out I think probably my brains are
getting blown out so in this spot I'm
never trying to get a 10 toold so I
would consider our opponent to be for
all intents and purposes uncapped here
in this spot so let's think about what
happens if this is a spot where I like
to choose the small bet here because if
our opponent does have a hand like Ace
10 King 10 Queen 10 they will often put
put in more money for us the board is
wet our opponents don't like to slow
play all the way to the river when they
have strong but vulnerable hands here so
I do think our opponents will put in
more money for us with a 10 and also by
betting small here we have hands like
Club draws and back door Diamond draws
drawing dead here and we would hate for
those hands to fold so by betting small
we're going to get that stuff to call
we're also going to get hands like
pocket sevens pocket eights pocket nines
to call which we have drawing very very
thin we bet 35 and when our opponent
check raises they're just screaming from
the top of their lungs I have a 10 and
the question I would ask here if we get
raised do you think you could make a
hand like Queen 10 fold here if you went
all in I would say no of course not
please do not pull the trigger so when
we do have value here because our
opponent is never folding a hand like
Queen 10 I'm probably just going to put
all the money in and when we're in this
same spot and we bet small on the turn
when we have a back door Diamond draw
and our opponent check raises of course
now we would not be putting in all the
money we are just calling here with a
bunch of money behind we're getting a
price our opponent is is going to have a
full house here at such a small
frequency because on a wet Dynamic board
like 106 Deuce with a flush draw our
opponent is generally going to raise
hands like pocket sixes or pocket twos
at a very high frequency on the flap
they're just not going to have 10 at a
high frequency because that hand would
either three B pre- flap or raise on the
Flop and now there's another 10 out
there so we're just not worried about
pocket 10 so our opponent mostly mostly
mostly when they raise this turn just
has trip 10 so we have a pretty clean
continue here with our Diamond draw with
a bunch of Stack depth Left Behind if we
hit we are always going to get paid so
the river now is a four of diamonds and
when our opponent bets on the river we
of course are just going to put the
money in never expecting our opponent to
fold a 10 now the real sauce here is
when we are bluffing on the turn and our
opponent does not raise when they just
call think about what that means well we
talked about on the Flop they're going
to raise sixes and Deuces at a very high
frequency so they just don't have really
any full houses getting to this River
they're going to raise 10x at a very
high frequency on the turn when we
choose a very small size so what is
their range getting to this River flush
DRS it's going to to be hands like 6X
pocket sevens pocket eights maybe the
best hand our opponent could have would
be a hand like pocket 9's so what that
means is our opponent is going to have a
very weak crippled range getting to this
River when they just call on this turn
which means I feel pretty good about
getting our opponent to fold everything
and anything on this River when we get
here with ace high so I would just go
with the big boy bet on this River not
really concerned about running into a
brick wall so I'm just going to choose a
size that gets hands like nines eights
sevens six to fold all the time we have
capped our opponents twice and our
opponent has told us in no uncertain
terms I do not have a strong hand so if
you opponent is Whispering that they
don't have a strong hand and you get to
the river with a bluff well you can
usually make them fold almost everything
the next situation we want to use a
small size is on the turn when our
opponent has a very elastic range what
does that mean let me explain all right
so this one we're going to open pocket
kges on the button our opponent's going
to call on the big blind 9 for Deuce
we're going to choose the size where our
opponent raises or strong [ __ ] calls
with their weak ship usually about half
pot single race pot we go 25 our
opponent calls turn is now a king so we
have this board on complete lockdown now
there are very few draws out there the
board is dry and when our opponent
checks it over I would consider our
opponent's range to be elastic here
elastic simply means our opponent is
going to be price sensitive so let's
think about our opponent's range getting
to this turn it's going to be a lot of
hands like 9x pocket 8s pocket 10 pocket
fivs maybe some wheel draws so getting
to this turn particularly that's a hard
word to say particularly when we have
two kings in our hand going to be very
hard for our opponent to continue if we
start using big sizes here our
opponent's going to be very price
sensitive we would hate for a hand like
109 suited or pocket 10 or ace9 on this
turn to fold so when our opponent has an
elastic range we generally want to
choose a small size to entice our
opponent to continue with those hands
that we have drawing thin or dead same
thing in this spot if we had a bluff if
we had a hand like seven eight of
diamonds I would also choose a small
size because we want to drag our
opponent to the river with a bunch of
hands like Ace 4 ace deuce Ace 3 all of
these hands we can get to call on the
turn we're going to have a very very
profitable Bluff on the river if we
allow our opponent to get there with a
bunch of hands that could call turn and
then full River if we just go big on
this turn sure we're going to generate a
lot of folds but then we're not going to
have a profitable Bluff on the river
with a hand like eight High because if
we go big on this turn if we go pot or
over bit think about the range that
calls on this turn it's going to be
maybe the occasional trapped super nut
hand like pocket nines or maybe our
opponent floated the Flop with a hand
like king queen suited with a back door
we think about what happens when we go
big our opponent gets to the river with
a strong range which is not necessarily
what we want when we're bluffing if we
go small on this turn when our opponent
is elastic we carry them to the river
with a weak range which one allows us to
get more value with our Bluff on the
turn because our opponent doesn't fold
now and number two allows us to have a
more profitable Bluff on the river
because our opponent just has a bunch of
weak [ __ ] which cannot withstand heat on
the river all right so every single time
I post one of these videos I see
somebody in the comments who just
doesn't understand much saying something
like well Mark aren't you just always
betting big with Bluffs and small with
value on the river [ __ ] let me show
you a couple examples where betting
small on the river with a bluff is going
to make you a lot of money all right so
we're going to open on the button here
with five four of diamonds opponent
calls in the big blind on the Flop we
are going to C bet the size where they
raise a strong [ __ ] call with their weak
[ __ ] usually about half pot our opponent
calls we go to a turn our opponent is
capped but they do have a bunch of
inelastic hands that aren't going to be
price sensitive so when our opponent is
capped and our opponent is inelastic
they're going to have a lot of hands
that aren't going to be price sensitive
I like to choose a very large size with
both our Bluffs and our value so I go
overb on this turn 150 our opponent puts
in the call now the river is a queen and
when our opponent checks it over this is
the spot where I like to employ the
small River Bluff so let's think about
why what is our opponent's range getting
to the river it's going to be hands like
trip Queens I don't think those hands
are full in a million years but what
else do they have maybe some ACE High
flush draws King High flush draws hands
like 3x of diamonds Dex of diamonds
stuff like that so I would just ask on
this River what size do we need to bet
to fold out a hand like King three of
diamonds or ace9 of diamonds or Jack
eight of diamonds right I don't think we
need to go egregiously large to get our
opponent to fold their ace high King
high or 3x of diamonds here so this is a
spot where I would just go very very
small maybe 120 5 150 somewhere in that
ballpark and just be very very efficient
with our Bluff we're going to lose the
150 whenever our opponent has trip
Queens but that's okay because I do
think the bluff in the spot is going to
be profitable because in general in live
poker our opponent call with too many
hands pre flop they fast play too many
of their strong hands on the Flop and
they just call with too many of their
draws on the turn even for a big size so
what that means getting to the river is
our opponent is just going to have too
many draws in their range that just are
going to be instant check fold without
even thinking so we can just get a very
cheap very efficient Bluff on this River
when we have five high which in my
opinion is going to win significantly
more money than just checking back and
never winning this pot in a million
years the next spot where I like to
employ the small River Bluff is when our
opponent is elastic on the river so let
me explain our opponent's going to open
in the cut off we're going to three bet
on the button with 65 of diamonds and
they are going to call 94 Deuce we're
going to choose a smaller size here
maybe somewhere between 30 40% of the
pop because it is a three bet pot we
want to incentivize our opponent to
raise their strong stuff call with their
weak stuff our opponent calls turn is a
king we kind of touched on the spot
earlier in a single race pot we would
hate for our opponent to fold hands like
9x Jacks 10 Queens ace5 suited here so
we want to choose a small size when our
opponent is going to be elastic when our
opponent has a bunch of hands that are
price sensitive in their range here we
want to carry those hands to the river
because then we're going to have a more
profitable Bluff so we choose a small
size here on the turn our opponent calls
now the river is an Ace and when our
opponent checks it over let's think
about our opponent's range they could
have some very strong hands here like
Ace King that floated the flop for a
small size maybe some Ace 9 suited makes
sense when we gave them a good price on
the turn some ACE 4 those two pair hands
make a lot of sense when we bet one/
third pot on the turn as well so they
have a bunch of top pair here maybe they
have the occasional just weak top pair
hand like ace5 suited but most of the
range is going to be like a strong two
pair here and then they're also going to
have those weak hands that we carry them
to the river with hands like 10 n suited
pocket 10 pocket Jacks pocket Queens how
are those hands feeling on this River I
would estimate when the board Runs Out
King on the turn Ace on the river even a
hand like pocket Queens is just never
hanging on on this River if we breathe
on this pot so this is another spot
where we could consider going very very
small again if we had value in this spot
if we had a hand like pocket nines I
would just be jamming all of the time on
this River because I never expect our
opponent to fold hands like Ace 4 ace
deuce Ace King Ace n Etc our opponent
just has a bunch of strong hands that
are never ever ever folding so therefore
when we're bluffing since we allowed our
opponent to get there with a wide and
weak range let's just fold the wide and
weak range right let's just choose the
size that folds Jacks all the time this
is why choosing that small size on the
turn when our opponent is elastic is so
so good because it allows our Bluffs to
be so so profitable on the river and all
those people who say well Mark I would
just exploit the crap out of you you
just always Bluff big and Val you bet
small this is why that is completely
false when we allow our opponent to get
to the river with a very elastic portion
of our range often times the best Bluff
size is just very very small to fold out
the elastic crap and then we just save
money when we run into the top of our
opponent's range so I would choose a
small size here maybe about 125
somewhere in that vicinity and just get
our opponent to fold Packa Queens all
the time last but not least I want to
talk about when we should use the small
size for value on the river all right
first let's say we're playing against a
very very passive opponent and passive
Patty opens here in the cut off we three
bet on the button with pocket eights
they call we are going to cat a smaller
size in a three bet pot 30 to 40% pot
here our opponent puts in the call turn
is a three and when our opponent checks
it over we think they are capped but
also they're in elastic they're going to
have a bunch of hands that are just
never folding here Queen X 7x of
diamonds acex King X of diamonds combo
draws Etc they're going to have a bunch
of hands that are just never folding so
we're going to choose the big size on
the turn here big size is relative
absolute Size Matters more than relative
size in the pot so in a three B pot I
may go pot on this turn whereas in a
single race pot maybe I go 1.5x or 1.7x
pot just because the absolute size of
the pot is smaller our opponent is going
to call we go to the river which is a
queen and against a typical passive
opponent here their range on this river
is going to be a bunch of MISD draws and
then a bunch of trips so against a very
passive opponent I may just choose the
very very large size here just put in
the money knowing that our opponent is
never folding a hand like trip Queens
but Mark I thought we were talking about
where it would go small on the river for
Value yeah just be patient hold on so if
we're playing against a more aggressive
player this River may be the perfect
spot spot to go very very small with
pocket eights because against a passive
player if we go small here on this River
they may just call here with Queen X
they won't put in more money for us and
of course a passive player is never
check race bluffing on this River but if
we're against an aggressive player think
about what happens if we go small
against an aggressive player if they
have a hand like Ace queen king queen
something like that on this River
they're just always putting in the money
for us which okay accomplishes the same
thing if we went big but the real
benefit to going small here against an
aggressive player is by going small our
hand looks like super super thin value
on this River maybe a hand like pocket
kings or pocket aces in a three bet pot
and against an aggressive player by
choosing a very small size here maybe we
could get them to spaz a certain
percentage of the time when they have a
hand like a bricked open in straight
draw so against a very very passive
player I would not choose the small size
for value on the river but against a
player who's going to have a little more
aggro to their game think this size is
excellent on the river because we get
them to put in all the money when they
have trip queens and we get them to
spazz occasionally when they have 10
high or a king High flesh draw or
something like that let me show you one
more example this time we open Ace for
of spades on the button flop comes Jack
n Deuce look at that sweet baby there we
see that our opponent calls on the turn
we're going to choose the big size
because our opponent is capped and they
have in elastic hands so we're going to
go with the overb size on the turn get
to the river we make the nuts our
opponent checks it over and get most of
the player pool in a single race pot
this may be the spot to go very very
small on the river when we [ __ ] the nut
flood because I think even somewhat
passive players on this River in a
single race pot if we go small here are
going to put in more money for us when
they have a king High Queen High even a
108 High flush or whatever and if our
opponent does have a hand like Jack X
we're going to get value from that as
well our opponent raises we just go all
in and we get all of the money all right
guys hopefully this video on when to use
the baby bet sizes turn you into the
smallest boy possible see what I did
there thank you guys and have a gentle
day