if you want to be a losing poker player
and never make money here's exactly what
to do this is why even if I gave away
every poker secret for free it wouldn't
matter 99% of players would still suck
I've made over seven figures in cash
games and I'll show you exactly why most
players lose so you don't end up like
them let's jump in reason number one
most poker players lose they memorize
instead of finding the why so they
memorize some concept they've heard
regurgitated somewhere else like don't
see bet on boards that are bad for our
range so let me show you an example all
right so we open pocket Jacks from the
lowjack and the big blind is going to
defend and the Flop comes 653 when the
big blind checks it over a lot of bad
poker players are like well they have a
range Advantage here and this board is
not good for my range so I'm not going
to be SE betting and if you look at the
spot in equilibrium they are right low
Jack versus big blind in the spot we're
only supposed to be SE betting about
16.5% of the time here but we are
playing live poker we are not playing in
equilibrium so what if this player is
just defending Too Much from the big
blind what if they are calling too many
weak hands to a small seab what if they
are raising their strong hands at too
high of a frequency on the Flop we're
going to see here I just make one
adjustment I have our opponent fast play
Just 10% more when they have strong
hands like sixes fives threes 6 five on
this board and when they have
unintuitive Bluffs like two overs and a
back door I have them check rais just
about 10% less and look at this with
these two tiny adjustments I'm still
having our opponent play perfectly pre-
flap by the way we are now betting 99.5%
of the time so with just a couple of
tiny adjustments we are now range
betting on this board bad poker players
have also memorized Concepts like don't
Barrel without Equity so once again
playing 25 we're going to open on a
button with seven six of diamonds
opponent is going to defend in the big
line flop comes Queen 94 just learned
that range betting is probably pretty
good with the mistakes that our
opponents are making in life poker so we
are going to range B and now our
opponent is going to call we go to the
turn which brings in the front door
flush and we pick up a gut shot but
we've really got very very little Equity
here so a lot of poker players would
just check back and give up in the spot
but what if we make a couple of
assumptions here nothing wild just
assuming that on the Flop our opponent's
going to fast play hands like Queen n
pocket 99's pocket fours Queen for
suited at a relatively high frequency
and then assumption number two that if
we get to this turn and we bet quite
small on the turn when the front door
flesh comes in our opponent is going to
fast play their flushes at a relatively
high frequency again not all the time
sometimes they'll trap here when they
have the nut flush but when they do have
a flush on this turn they're just going
to raise greater than 50% of the time if
we bet small well look at that sweet
baby there with just these two
assumptions we are now barreling on the
turn 86% of the time and we see here
when we have seven6 of diamonds
specifically a hand with just very very
low Equity we are betting the turn now
all of the time just going to be higher
Eevee to bet the turn than the check
back by just making a couple of
assumptions losing poker players have
also memorized Concepts like don't Bluff
with bad blockers so we're going to open
Queen 10 of Spades here on the button
and what do you know the Flop comes Jack
n Deuce so we flop a combo draw straight
flush draw here we are going to cette
our opponent is going to call we are
going to Barrel large on the turn our
opponent's going to call again we get to
the river and we brick and so many poker
players in the spot are like well you
know I unblock all my opponent's fold so
I'm probably just going to give up here
and we see here in equilibrium this is
the correct assumption Queen 10 of
Spades is just going to be giving up
100% of the time on this River but again
what if our opponent is fast playing too
much on the Flop they're fast playing
their Jack n their pocket NES their
pocket Deuces at a higher frequency than
equili which means they just don't
arrive to the river with nearly as many
traps with nearly as many strong hands
what this means in reality the best hand
our opponent has getting to the river is
going to be a hand like Ace Jack or King
Jack and we see here when we give the
solver these assumptions Queen 10 of
Spades even with the [ __ ] blockers is
just always bluffing on the river
usually for the big boy all in size and
you know what if you're not a fan of
solvers throw the solvers out the window
okay let's just look at this from a
practical perspective if our opponent
flipped over a hand like Ace Jack or
King Jack here the best hand they're
going to have getting to this River 99%
of the time right and we had a hand like
pocket kings what size would we bet on
this River if we had pocket kings to get
a hand like Ace Jack or kingj Jack to
call and if our answer is less than $800
if our answer is we're going to bet $300
or 400 or even $500 on this River with
pocket kings because we want Ace Jack to
call why are we not betting 800 because
we think Ace Jack or King Jack are going
to fold well now we have a pretty easy
decision when we have Queen tennis
Spades if we think Ace Jack or King Jack
are going to fold if we put in all the
money the blockers don't matter we're
just thinking about the wrong things
right if we assume that Ace Jack or King
Jack are folding on this River when we
put in $800 well we know what to do when
we have Queen 10 of Spades the blocking
or unblocking properties of our hand are
nearly Irrelevant in live poker where we
just have so much information about our
opponent's Tendencies and what they are
doing don't get too zoomed in on the
leaves on the trees and miss the entire
Forest here if our opponents are getting
to the river with a capped crippled rain
and on this River if we had pocket kings
or pocket Queens we would never be going
all in we know exactly what to do when
we are bluffing another concept I've
heard losing poker players say and now
I'm going to turn this back on myself
I've heard things like well the Hungry
Horse strategy is just going big with
Bluffs small with value that seems
really easy right again this is not true
they are just trying to memorize a
concept instead of looking for the
reasons behind it so we see here exact
same situation with Queen tennis Spades
except in this one we start the hand 500
effective instead of a th000 effective
so should we be going big on this River
to to Bluff our opponent off Ace Jack or
King Jack well no we've only got $300
behind our opponent is not going to fold
top pair in a million years so this big
with Bluff small with value again it's
just memorizing a concept that can be
very very easily misapplied and is in
fact not factual another example we open
with 87 of diamonds same flop we C BET
our opponent calls we're going to double
barrel on the turn our opponent calls we
get to the river and the river is a jack
and again the big with Bluff small with
value does not work does not apply in
the situation memorize in is not the way
to go so on this River what is our
opponent's range well they're going to
have a lot of trips Ace Jack King Jack
Queen Jack Jack 10 trips are never
folding on this River even if we bet 2x
pot so on this River going big with a
bluff just not going to be a profitable
play instead if we had a hand like
pocket nines or pocket Deuces would
probably just be jamming going all in I
don't think our opponent is ever folding
trip Jacks and if we have a bluff here
like eight High maybe the play here is
just to go very very small try to get
our opponents to fold their Ace High
flesh draws their King High flesh draws
their Queen High straight draws so
memorizing is not the way to go the
thing is when players try to memorize
Concepts without understanding the Why
without understanding the reasoning
behind the concept as soon as the meta
of a game changes they are completely
lost so in 2016 The Meta of live poker
was let's just bet fold let's bet very
thinly for Value because our opponents
are calling too much maybe the meta in
2025 is let's Bluff all the time because
our opponents are getting to rivers with
wide ranges and and they are over
folding and let's just fold every time
our opponent puts in a ton of money and
fights fire with fire because they are
under bluffing but what if the meta
changes what if all a sudden in 3 years
The Meta and live poker is everybody is
over bluffing and everybody is calling
too much because the entire pool is just
Bluff Happy Well now all of the stuff
you memorized does not apply so this is
why it's so important because if you can
reverse engineer Solutions if you
understand the reasons why why these
rules exist you can adapt you can adjust
the most profitable players understand
the why the losing players memorize the
second reason most poker players lose is
because they chase shiny objects instead
of doing the boring work so they say
stuff like I want to learn how to beat
up good players but they still don't
know how to beat up fish so real quickly
let me break down how I think about
exploiting fish when we are the pre-f
flap caller and a fishy player is the
pre-f flap aggressor and they are
barreling the fish tendency basically in
this spot is that fish are going to
under Bluff so let me show you in
example so we open the cut off with
pocket sixes a fish on the button three
bets and we are going to call flop comes
10 for deuce and now the fish SE bets
for a very large size 130 into 157 so we
know that the fish tendency is to under
Bluff fish exploit number one we are
going to overfolded to large seab bets
particularly in three bet pots because
they just have too many strong hands
when they take this huge size they are
just completely unbalanced they are
giving us a wide open clue so we are
going to exploit them by just folding
when they take these ridiculously large
seabat sizes all right same spot but
this time we flop a set and a fish is
going to seab bet here again and we are
going to put in a check raise right away
why we want to put in more money for
fish when we have a strong hand because
they are going to under double barrel
and triple barrel as a bluff and they
just aren't going to bet thinly enough
for value on turns and rivers so when we
have a strong hand we just want to put
in more money for them all right example
number three this one the Flop is back
to 10 for Deuce a fish seab bets half
pot we're going to call with pocket
sixes here turn is now a three we check
and they double barrel well we are just
going to be folding in a spot even if we
pick up a shred of equity here we want
to massively over fold when fish double
barrel and triple barrel in three bet
pots because in these nodes they are
massively under bluffing so this is how
I'm thinking about exploiting fish and
as we see here it looks relatively
simple looks relatively straightforward
but until we get this down we should not
even be thinking about I want to learn
how to beat good players because
learning how to beat good players is
going to be a lot more nuanced so we
want to get the boring basic stuff down
first how do we beat up fish for the
most amount of money so if we're going
to talk about beating up good players or
Rags we just see there's a lot more
Nuance to it for example Rags under
Bluff in tight configurations on Ace
High boards in forb pots and when the
money goes in but they over Bluff in
wide configurations probably on double
Broadway boards in single raise pots or
when the pot isn't huge if we flash back
to fish here fish just under Bluff live
Rags or Pros are much more nuanced when
they under Bluff and when they over
Bluff it's not as simple as fish so
until we've learned to tackle step one
how to exploit fish we shouldn't be
moving on to learning how to beat up
good players so this time we're playing
against a pro we're going to open pocket
9es a pro is going to three bet from the
hijack so an early versus early
configuration flop comes 863 we check it
over the pro is going to C bet and
actually I think we could maybe just
think about folding right now pocket 9es
here because this spot early versus
early they're just going to have a very
strong range and we just have a lot
stronger hands in our range early vers
early in the spot we've got Queens we've
we got Jacks we've got tens we've got
nut flush draws but we're going to call
here on the Flop we go to a turn they
are going to double barrel and we are
going to fold so we see here rag exploit
number one we're going to over fold in
tight configurations just like we just
showed in early versus early 3 by pot on
a high boards in four bet pots or when
all the money goes in because this is
when Rags are under bluffing it's hard
to find Bluffs when most of our range
looks like value conversely in this spot
here a rag is going to open on the
button we defend in the big blind with
King six of diamonds we check it over
they see bet going to call with middle
pair turn is a four they're going to go
with a big bet we call again we get to
the river which is a queen they're going
to triple barrel we are going to call it
off here with a pair of sixes and we are
going to be good so we see here against
RS we want to overall in wide
configurations button versus big blind
that applies maybe on double Broadway
boards and single rais pots when the pot
isn't huge this is when Rags can find
the Bluffs some other possible rag
exploits maybe fast playing spots where
they under Bluff and have a strong range
maybe we should be under bluffing in
spots where they are supposed to fold
strong hands maybe we should be trapping
in spots where they overbluff and have a
wide range and maybe we should be over
bluffing in spots where they're supposed
to call with some weak hands so we see
here already how much more difficult
this is to apply how much more nuanced
it is if we flash back to how we're
exploiting fish here look at this we're
just over folding the large seab bets
over folding the double barrels putting
money in for them right this is very
very easy compared to the exploits we
would make against Rags I don't want to
go too deep into this this is beyond the
scope of the video but just showing the
difference in Nuance between how to beat
up fish and how to beat up Rags if we
can't beat up up fish we're never going
to be able to beat up good players
because the mistakes made by good
players are generally smaller and way
way way less reliable as Lil Wayne once
said if we too simple y'all don't get
the basics and beating up fish is the
basics but it is the bread and butter
it's where the win rate comes from and
that skill needs to be mastered first
beating up Rags beating up pros this is
a shiny object it's something that makes
us feel good but until we get down the
basics we shouldn't be moving on to the
advanced stuff so many players want more
they want new they want a secret but if
you want to know the real secret there
is no secret to getting good at poker
you just have to do the boring work the
third mistake losing poker players make
is they demand answers instead of asking
better questions for example they ask
stuff like should I call here and
they'll give you a hand history like
this where we open Ace Jack we get three
bet by the button and they flop we flop
top pair we're going to check it over
the villain is going to see bet we call
we get to a turn the villain's going to
double barrel We call we get to a river
which pairs the board we check it over
and the villain is going to bet once
more on this River and all too often I
see in the spot poker players just
asking well should I have called here
what should I have done this doesn't
help us we're never going to play this
hand against this opponent in this
configuration at this table ever again
instead to be more productive we should
be coming up with a list of better
questions to ask in the spot so in the
future we're better prepared to make a
better decision the answer almost
doesn't matter it's how we we get to
that answer so instead of asking should
I call I'd be asking questions from our
Bluff catching checklist like do we beat
any value is this player capable did we
give them rope is the size significant
and do they have non-sh Showdown value
and these type of questions being able
to go through and forcing ourselves to
ask these questions in the moment and
practicing so this becomes part of our
subconscious while we're playing this is
going to allow us to get to a better
answer instead of just asking should I
call and you don't need a solver for
this you don't need any fancy tools you
just need your brain but if you are a
bit of a solver nerd like me we can also
use a solver to ask good questions as
well and while looking at a solver these
are the questions I'd be asking what
hands are they supposed to be bluffing
are the Bluffs intuitive or unintuitive
how thin are they supposed to be going
here too many players just open up the
solver hover over to Ace Jack of Spades
and see Ace Jack of Spades is supposed
to be a fold how does this help us this
does not teach us anything it does not
make us a better poker player sure we
have an answer we have that Curiosity
itch that just got scratched but we are
no better off for it so instead I'd be
looking at my opponent's range in
equilibrium that's supposed to be
bluffing on this River we see hands like
Queen Jack Queen 10 Queen n King n King
10 a lot of these hands are supposed to
be triple barrels here even the combos
with diamonds on this River why because
it's hard to find Bluffs in a three bet
pot on an ace high board so I'd be
asking well is our opponent bluffing
with hands like Queen jack of diamonds
or queen Jack of Spades are these hands
triple barreling on this board and if my
answer is no in this spot well no these
Bluffs are not quite intuitive maybe
they find the diamond Bluffs some of the
time but they don't find the triple
barrels with hands like Queen Jack of
Spades with no back door that just start
betting off on the Flop so by looking at
where the Bluffs are supposed to be
coming from we can think well no my
opponent probably isn't finding these
Bluffs so they're under bluffing so
whether we use the solver or don't use
the solver it's irrelevant the point is
we should be asking better questions
instead of just trying to come to an
answer that does not matter next example
losing players will often ask stuff like
should I forb bet here so we open pocket
Queens on the button now the small blind
is going to three bet and back to us and
again instead of looking for an answer
we should be asking better questions
here questions like how deep am I with
my opponent what range is he three
betting is he playing three bet or fold
from the small blind is his range too
strong or too weak will he Barrel post
flop or will he play fit or fold how
will he respond if I forbit will he call
too much will he fold too much these are
questions we can ask to help us to a
better decision and if you want an
answer in equilibrium here is an
approximate range we're supposed to be
four betting on the button versus a
small blind three bet when 200 big
blinds deep right we're supposed to be
going relatively polar what does that
mean well it means we forb bet the very
very top of our range the aces the Kings
the Ace King suited sometimes the queens
and the Ace King off and then we're just
doing a lot of calling with the upper
middle portion of our range the Jacks 10
nines Ace Queen suited because we're
going to be in position we're going to
be deep we're going to have a positional
advantage and then the hands that are
forb bluffing are some of the acex and
kingx suited hands that are going to
have some playability post flop if our
opponent calls right the ace8 A7 A6
king9 suited these type of hands so this
is the solution in equilibrium but if we
ask better questions we can come to a
better answer for example what if our
opponent just has too strong of a three
bet range and they're just going to be
calling our four bet way too much well
then we may want to go linear right we
may want to go linear we may want to
eliminate the 4bet Bluffs and just go
thinner and wider for Value here if our
opponent is going to be calling too much
another question that losing players
often ask that always gets me is will
this play work so they'll post a hand
history like well we open Jack nine of
spades on the button and the villain
calls we see backat the Flop they call
we double barrel the turn they call we
get to the river and should I Bluff here
will this work instead we should be
asking questions to help us inform our
decision instead of just trying to come
to an answer what is their range are
they capped do they have in elastic
hands if I was value betting in the spot
instead of bluffing what size would I
bet to get called losing players demand
answers great players ask better
questions the fourth thing I see losing
poker players do is they glorify freedom
without falling in love with the process
so they'll say things like I want to use
poker to be free then they don't even
work as hard at poker as they would at a
real job the truth is poker is hard and
if you're not obsessed with the process
of getting better if you're not thinking
about it every minute if you're not
putting in five times more work on poker
than the 9 to-5 job that you're
currently phoning it in at you will
never find find the freedom you want
from poker so many poker players are
obsessed with optimizing routines
instead of doing actual work right
before I study I'm going to meditate I'm
going to do yoga I'm going to do a cold
plunge I'm going to do this I'm going to
do that and then I'm going to study they
put barriers they put obstacles in front
of themselves before they actually do
the hard boring work and this often
comes in the form of excuses as well
right like how do I generate hands to
practice should I play small Stakes
online well I can't get money on there
do I need to play to go get more hands
to review all of this is [ __ ] the
routines we come up with before we
actually start working the excuses we
make on why we can't study all of these
are just barriers we put up to prevent
ourselves from doing the actual work so
bad players they glorify the freedom
that poker will give them and great
players they fall in love with the
process of actually doing the work and
getting better every single day and this
is why when players ask me Mark why do
you give away all this stuff for free on
you YouTube aren't you scared about
ruing the game no it just it doesn't
really matter it doesn't move the needle
because 99% of players just aren't
willing to do the work and if it was
easy it wouldn't be worth doing
hopefully this video helps and shows you
guys what not to do so you can take the
steps to become a great player thank you
guys and have a gentle day