I figured out the key to unlocking my
win rate in live poker I go all in a
ridiculous amount in fact I bet if you
took five random people watching this
video I put the chips in the middle more
in one session than all five of them
combined okay congrats Mark you go all
in a lot how does that help good
question I'm going to show you when you
should be going all in much more with
your value when you should be going all
in much more with your Bluffs and why
when playing against a human you should
almost never be balanced for the Nerds
like me I'll show you how to use a
solver to figure this out but if you
don't have a solver or just don't like
using them I'll show you a shortcut to
do all of this no solver required and by
the end of this video you are going to
be an all-in Hound that's a new poker
term all-in Hound all right you ready
let's jump in all right so this is the
hand that gave me the idea for this
video and this is very similar to a hand
that I recently played so we are playing
2 five and under the gun lims now the
hijack makes it 25 we three bet in the
cut off with King Queen of Spades the
limper is going to fold and the original
razor is going to call we're going to a
flop which comes 1083 so when he checks
it over I'm just see betting my entire
range small here and he calls turn is
going to bring in a flush completing
card a two of diamonds and when the
preop caller checks it over here I am
asking is this player capped or uncapped
well on this turn they can have a lot of
flushes because in general Live players
play their flush draws passively on the
Flop so on this turn they are uncapped
so with my Bluffs here with a hand like
King Queen of Spades and even with my
value here if I had a hand like Ace five
of diamonds I would be going small on
this turn because it's going to
incentivize our opponent to raise when
they have a flush themselves and it's
going to incentivize our opponent to
call with a bunch of their weak stuff
which is really nice when we have a
bluff because we can get that weak stuff
to fold on the river and it's really
nice when we have value to capture
another Street versus the weak stuff
they're still going to put in more money
for us when they have the strong hands
so we're going to go small on this turn
100 into 262 and our opponent is going
to call now going to the river it is an
innocuous four of hearts and when our
opponent checks over on the river here
well when we see that small in the Flop
our opponent's going to raise a high
percentage of the time on a wet Dynamic
board when they have hands like pocket
10 pocket eights 108 suited so our
opponent doesn't really have sets in two
pair and then on the turn when we bet
small well our opponent's going to raise
once again a lot of the time when they
have fleshes now occasionally they'll
trap with a nut flush but getting to
this River our opponent is relatively
capped right they don't have a lot of
flushes they don't have a lot of sets
they don't have a lot of two pair most
of our opponent's range getting to this
river is going to be one pair hands so
let's kind of pull up their range on
this River and figure out if it's a good
spot to jam for value or a good spot to
jam as a bluff so this is my
approximation of their range getting to
the river remember they ISO over a limp
and then they called the three bet
called a small bet on the Flop called a
small bet on the turn and now we get to
the river so the range is going to be a
lot of top pair maybe some slivers of a
high fleshes remember again a lot of
their fleshes would just raise on the
turn when they got there but we'll give
them the sliver a few combos of fleshes
you're going to have some pocket NES
with a diamond maybe some pocket sevens
with the the diamond a couple combos of
88x not sure these hands would always
isolate pre flop over a limp then maybe
some open in straight draws again not
sure these hands would always isolate
pre flap over a limp and then we're
going to give them some Ace King and Ace
Queen off with the ace of diamonds or
King of Diamonds and then finally
they're going to have some overpays here
so pocket Jacks would probably play this
way all the time and then pocket Queens
will give them half the Queens maybe
Queens forb bet some of the time maybe
Queens check raise on the Flop 10% of
the time something like that so on this
River we gave ourself the option to jam
to bet
775 and we gave oursel the option to bet
very small so 150 just about 30% pot
here and when we bet 775 when we jam on
this River here is our opponent's
response in equilibrium there're
supposed to fold pocket Jacks 50% of the
time so if they have Jacks without a
diamond on this River that is supposed
to be a pure fold they're supposed to
fold Ace 10 suited 100% of the time when
we jam on this River I'm starting to get
a feeling here without doing any no
loocking that our opponent is probably
not folding these hands at 100%
frequency when we overb Jam On the River
even though our opponent is mostly
capped to one pair even though the flush
has come in even though we are betting
massive on this River I would not trust
our opponents to fold over pairs here or
top pair top kicker more than 50% of the
time so we already know what the answer
is going to be but I just want to
demonstrate here if we just go in and do
some light light node locking and we
just have our opponent call with pocket
Jacks maybe 75% of the time then we have
them call with Ace 10 suited maybe 50/50
we have them call with the King 10
suited maybe 50/50 and then we have them
call with the queen 10 and Jack 10
suited maybe
25% of the time we'll also have them
fold the Ace King off here on this River
I don't think that hand is calling and
you see here now is our adjusted
response on the river if we just have
our opponent's call with Jack and Ace 10
suited a little bit more here you see
here whenever we have value on this
River a hand like pocket Queens pocket
kings ace King of Diamonds we are just
now over bet jamming and whenever we
have a bluff like King Queen of Spades
or a hand like 7 six of Hearts the
solver just prefers to bet very very
small on the river because when we bet
small we can get our opponent to fold
hands like Ace King or Ace Queen with a
diamond here on this River or even
occasionally a hand like pocket sevens
or pocket 9es and we're getting a very
very very good price on our Bluff all
right so I promised I would show you how
to do this without a solver so here we
go all we have to do is ask what is
their range on the river and usually our
opponent's range is going to be bucketed
into three main categories they're going
to have weak stuff and MISD draws or
they're going to have strong stuff and
MISD draws or they're going to have
strong stuff weak stuff and MISD draws
so again we're just being very very
broad with their range getting to the
river and when I say one of these
categories they have to comprise more
than 10% of their range if they just
have maybe a sliver of weak stuff like
in this particular hand we just talked
about well maybe they have pocket seven
or pocket nines and that is their weak
stuff but it's less than 10% of their
range so mostly our opponent's range
getting to this River because they have
a lot of overpays they have a lot of top
pair top kicker is going to be mostly
strong stuff and missed draws so this is
when we want to go big for value and
small as a bluff when our opponent's
range is mostly strong stuff and MISD
draws like in this last example we want
to go very very big to get called by the
strong stuff and even if our opponent is
Capp that doesn't mean they're folding
their strongest stuff on the river
necessarily as we saw on this last hand
our opponent's probably not going to
fold jacks or queens or Ace 10 suited at
a high frequency on this River even
though the flush got there we also want
to go small to fold out their Miss draws
like Ace King with a diamond or Ace
Queen with a diamond and in this
particular spot they are going to call
more than equilibrium because they have
a strong range getting to the river and
if you have a very strong range getting
to the river in equilibrium some of that
strong stuff gets folded but people in
game humans have a very hard time when
they have a strong range just thinking
oh you know what I have a lot of strong
hands here so I'm going to fold some of
my strong hands that just doesn't happen
okay now I want to talk about a hand
where the run out is the exact same but
the ranges are slightly different
because of what happens pre- flop so in
this hand let's say the under the gun
player limps again and now the villain
instead of isoing over limps we are
going to ISO with King Queen of Spades
and the villain is going to call flop
comes 1083 we're going to se bet the
size on the Flop where they raise off
their strong stuff call with their weak
stuff usually around half pot in a
single race pot I go a little bit
smaller in a three bet pot but in a
single race pot we can size is up a
little bit more because the absolute
size of the pot is smaller so we go 50
our opponent is going to call once again
on this turn we are going to size down
because our opponent is uncapped we
would love for them to raise their
flushes right now and also continue with
some of their weak stuff so we are going
to go 80 into 192 on this turn our
opponent is going to call now the river
is a four and when our opponent checks
it over on this River once again should
we be going all in with our Bluffs like
King Queen of Spades or should we be
going all in with our value here like a
hand like Ace Queen of Diamonds all
right so first we have to ask what is
our opponent's range and getting to this
River in a pot where our opponent over
limed their range is going to be
slightly different so here is the range
I gave them and you see here they have
no over pairs they're going to have less
ace1 suited because that hand would ISO
they're going to have a lot of this 10x
off suit type stuff they're going to be
a lot wider here they're going to have a
lot more 8X because this stuff makes
sense to limp call Pre maybe some of the
suited acex they're going to have some
of these maybe smaller ace high flushes
that trap here and now maybe instead of
having Ace King or Ace Queen with a
diamond maybe they'll have a hand like
Queen Jack with a diamond a hand that
has a gut shot and a flush draw or a
hand like Ace Jack with the ace or jack
of diamonds here so once again this is
the range when they over Lim call the
raise pre-f flop call the small bet on
the Flop Call the small bet on the turn
and this was their range when they ISO
we three bet and then the same thing
happens post flop you see this range is
much stronger here is their equilibrium
response when we jam now you see with
the ace1 off they're supposed to be
calling about 78% of the time with the
ace 10 suited calling about 66% of the
time even with a hand like Ace 8 suited
here they're supposed to be calling
about 85% of the time yeah they're still
folding a lot of their weaker 10x but
because their range is so much weaker
now they're just calling with their top
pair top kicker a lot more here on this
River and they're also calling with
second pair top kicker some on this
River so let's just go in and the only
change we're going to make here is that
they're going to fold the A8 of hearts
and A8 of clubs and they're going to
fold the pocket sixes here on this River
so we have fold the A8 of Hearts we have
them fold the ace8 of clubs and then we
have them fold the pocket sixes but just
a couple tiny adjustments here now that
a lot of our value hands like Ace King
of Diamonds Ace Queen of Diamonds pocket
aces on this River our value hands now
want to choose a smaller size they are
not going all in here maybe they're not
choosing the very small size the third
pot because we still think we get called
by 10x a lot of the time maybe if we
just go like 250 on this River so our
value hands are mostly kind of choosing
this smaller maybe $250 on this River
and our Bluffs specifically like King
Queen of Spades mostly want to use the
all-in jam size because our opponent's
range is weaker and we just think we can
get more folds than equilibrium all
right so let's go back to this handy
dandy chart what is their range and on
this River our opponent mostly has a
bunch of weak stuff and missed draws
their strongest hand is going to be top
pair top kicker they don't have over
pairs maybe we think we can get the top
pair medium kicker top pair weak kicker
to fold even if they just don't fold the
top pair top kicker when our opponent
has weak stuff and Mis draws we
generally are going to want to go small
with our value and big with our Bluffs
which is the opposite of last hand
because our opponent's range once again
mostly weak stuff and Mis draws we want
to go big to fold out all of the weak
stuff and MISD draws when we are
bluffing and we want to go small to get
called by the weak stuff when we have
value because we think our opponents are
going to call less than equilibrium
whereas in the last example we thought
our opponent would call more than
equilibrium you don't need a solver to
figure this out just ask is our
opponent's range mostly strong stuff in
Mist draws or mostly weak stuff in MD
draws and in this particular example our
opponent's range is much weaker because
they don't have the over pairs they
don't have nearly as much top pair top
kicker and so we just think our
opponents can't withstand the heat on
the river and you may be thinking well
250 that is not a small size but again
it is all relative right this would be a
small size relative to our all-in and
when we are value betting we want to
choose the biggest size where we're
going to get called by 10x maybe pocket
nines maybe 8X the majority of the time
so maybe 250 maybe 300 maybe even 350
the point here isn't that the size is
small absolutely it's just that the size
is going to be small relative to our all
in all right let's throw a little
wrinkle on this let's go back to the
firstand and just like the firsthand the
villain isolated we three bet with King
Queen of Spades the opponent calls flop
is the same we see that small our
opponent calls turn is the same we
continue small here to incentivize our
opponent to raise off their fleshes
continue with their weak stuff we go 100
our opponent calls and now the river
instead of being a blank is an ace
should we be going all in with our
Bluffs here or should we be going all in
with our value so again we have to
consider our opponent's range getting to
the river and what is our opponent's
range going to be when the river is an
ace well now our opponent makes some top
pair top kicker with the Ace King makes
some top pair second kicker with the ace
Queen makes quite a bit of two pair here
with the ace 10 besides that a lot of
their other hands have been downgraded
here so Queens Jacks King 10 suited
Queen 10 Suited Etc our opponent's range
isn't primarily strong stuff in M draws
it's not primarily weak stuff in MD
draws it's going to be a combo here on
this River our opponent is going to have
some strong stuff which is going to be
their two pair their top pair top kicker
it's going to be some weak stuff which
is just going to be 10x it's going to be
an under pair or maybe pocket Jacks and
pocket queens that have now been
downgraded and it's still going to be
the occasional MISD draw like Jack n
suited but not really much of that our
opponent's range mostly on this river is
going to be some strong stuff and some
weak stuff so as a little toy game I
gave us three sizes I gave us the Allin
size for 775 I give us a very small size
for 30% pot here and I also gave us the
in between size for 300 or about 2/3 pot
so let's try this one without even using
the solver we're just going to brain
solve here and let's do this in real
time so if we Jam what is our opponent
going to call with well I would say our
opponent's probably not going to fold a
hand like Ace King with the ace of
diamonds Ace queen with the ace of
diamonds or Ace 10 Suited so we're
mostly getting caught by top pair and
the ace 10 suited for two pair here on
this River also if we Jam we're probably
getting the Queens the Jacks the king 10
suited that type of stuff to fold as
well if we go very small 30% pot now
we're probably getting called by
everything right the ace 10 suited the
Ace King Ace Queen those hands for sure
are calling I think we also maybe get
looked up by Queens or Jacks here at
least some of the time we probably get
looked up by the king 10 suited the
queen 10 suited at least some of the
time here on this River but our opponent
may just old occasionally if they have a
mraw like Jack n suited or 97 suited or
if they did have a hand like Queen Jack
with a diamond our opponent would fold
their draws but in general they'd
probably call with their strong stuff
and call with their weak stuff if we
chose the small size and then the
middling size this one is interesting
because yes we're still getting looked
up by the ace 10 the Ace King the ace
queen of course but I think for this
size the two3 pot our opponent probably
starts folding their Queens their Jacks
their King 10 suited they're Jack 10
suited they also of course are folding
their Mist draws the Jack n suited the
queen Jack with a diamond or something
like that so after talking about how
their range responds if we have value if
we have a hand like Queen jack of
diamonds or 76 of diamonds we want to
choose this large size to Target when
our opponent has hands like Ace 10 Ace
King Ace queen that just aren't folding
for a jam also if we either had like the
super nuts on this River like Ace King
of Diamonds or Ace queen of diamonds or
we had a thin value Hand ACE queen with
the queen of diamonds or something like
that we may want to choose the small
size to incentivize our opponent to call
with some of their weaker Holdings like
pocket jacks or Jack 10 suited or queen
10 suited because when we have the super
nuts a hand like Ace King of Diamonds or
Ace Queen of Diamonds well it's going to
be way less likely our opponent has a
hand like Ace King or Ace Queen with a
diamond and there's only a couple combos
of that Ace 10 suited so maybe we just
want to Target the weaker stuff in our
opponent's range the pocket Queens the
pocket Jacks that just aren't going to
fold for the small size if we start
blasting here with a hand like Ace queen
with the Queen of Diamonds well we're
just folding out all the stuff that's
worse like a hand like Jack or Queens so
when we have thin value we also may want
to go small for Value so our value here
on this River wants to go either very
big or very small so that leaves the
third option for our Bluffs so if we did
have a bluff on this River like King
Queen of Spades we may want to choose
this middling size and the great part
about the middling size is we don't lose
all the money whenever our opponents
have the top of their range like Ace 10
suited but we've also bet enough here on
this River to get our opponent to fold
Queens Jacks King 10 suited Queen 10
suited Jack 10 suited pocket 9es Etc so
we get all of the weak stuff to fold we
lose the minimum against the top of the
range and we also get the draws to fold
as well so we want to go either very big
or very small for value and with the
medium size for a bluff when our
opponent's range is some strong stuff
some weak stuff and some MISD draws we
want to go big to get called by the very
strong stuff the top of our opponent's
range when we can beat that stuff we
want to go medium to fold out all of the
weak stuff in Miss draws when we are
bluffing and we also could consider
going very very small to get called by
the weak stuff either when we have the
super nuts when we think it's unlikely
our opponent has a strong hand or when
we are just betting very very thinly and
we would like to get called by worse so
we can just give our opponent a very
good price so once again you don't need
a solver all you've got to do ask what
is their range and when our opponent has
weak stuff and Miss draws we generally
want to go small with value and big as
the bluff when our opponent has strong
stuff and Miss draws we generally want
to go big with value and small with the
BL and when our opponent's range has
some strong stuff some weak stuff and
some MISD draws well then we can either
go big with value or small with value
and that's when we want to go medium
with the bluff so as you guys can see
we're not just indiscriminately going
huge with our overb Bluffs and going
small with our value that is not the
strategy at all and I think that is one
of the biggest misconceptions I see in
the comment section no we are just
responding to our opponent's range and
when our opponent has strong hands
that's when we go big with our value
size and when our opponent mostly has
weak hands that that's when we go big
with our Bluff size so hopefully you
guys enjoy this video and you turn into
all-in hounds on the river thank you
guys and have a gentle day