## Intro
I'm trying to prove a $100 an hour is
possible at low stakes throughout this
journey a lot of people have told me I'm
right about a lot of things when it
comes to Poker and I think that's true
I'm usually right but today I'm going to
take a different approach I'm going to
talk about the seven things I've been
most wrong about at low stakes these are
the seven biggest adjustments I've made
to my game since starting the low stakes
challenge let's jump in all right the
Image Matters
first thing I've been wrong about is
that image matters I think sometimes we
get too caught up that we are the hero
in the story and that people are paying
attention to the stuff we're doing at
every Twist and Turn it's just simply
not true one of the adjustments I've
made is I've started realizing that
people are the hero in their own story
so stuff that has happened to them at
the table is infinitely more important
than our own image let me explain with a
couple hand histories all right so first
hand here we're playing 25 we open up on
the button with seven six of diamonds
and the villain in the small blind calls
and pay attention to Horus horse collar
here in the big blind cuz this is going
to be the player we're going to play a
pot with later in this hand Jack 94 you
guys know how hard it was for me to make
this flop not Jack n Deuce we're going
to see BET our entire range we're going
to choose a size where they raise off
their strong stuff call with their weak
stuff $20 our opponent calls turn is a
three look at that sweet baby there we
pick up a belly Buster here we're going
to continue barreling on this turn as a
bluff because our opponent is capped
they would raise awful lot of their
strong hands on the flap they're not
going to be folding hands like Jack X or
flush draws or straight draws even for a
big bet on this turn so we overb we go
150 our opponent calls and we're going
to the river we Brick on The River if we
had a hand like pocket kings pocket
Queens on this River we may bet 400 500
targeting a hand like Queen Jack 10 Jack
King Jack we don't think a Jack is
calling for all the money when we're
bluffing so we are going to go all in
here but unfortunately we are snapped
off and our opponent chose five six of
Spades so one of those two combos five
six of Spades and Ace five of Spades
that actually make the nuts on this
River it's okay sometimes we just run to
the absolute top of range from our
opponent we still think we could have
got jackx to fold but the Crux of this
is because of this hand we think our
image is shot we got caught bluffing
very next hand here and we have 8 seven
of hearts in the cut off and the villain
who just bluffed C off last hand is on
the button somehow he he rat hold he
went back down to $1,000 somehow I don't
know how that happened but Horus horse
collar in the big blind is going to call
he was at the table he saw all this last
hand flop comes 1095 we've got 87 we are
going to se bet half pot here on this
board he is going to call turn is a four
of clubs and when the nuts change on the
turn bringing in this flushing card we
are often going to choose a small size
once again to incentivize our opponent
to raise off their strong [ __ ] call with
their weak [ __ ] once more so we go 35 on
the turn and our opponent calls we get
to a river which is a blank we've got it
high on this River seems like not a
great spot to Bluff we just got caught
bluffing that matters right we should
take into account our image no it really
doesn't matter all that much because
people just aren't paying attention I
had a hand where I ran a massive Bluff
for 300 big blinds against a rag and the
rag just backed into the nuts on the
river I got caught I flipped over my
hand which was nothing and a fish at the
table laughed smirked and said oh I
guess he overvalued a set like he
actually thought I had a set people just
aren't paying attention they don't know
what's going on at the table our image
it just really doesn't matter in this
spot I would still be bluffing because I
think our opponent has a weak range
getting to the river and to me that is
the most important variable here I'm
kind of taking image I'm throwing it out
the window on this River I am going to
overbet Bluff I think I can get all of
the 10x to fold on this River we're just
not going to run into many brick walls
when our opponent check calls the Flop
and check calls to turn on this wet
Dynamic board and we are going to get it
through so I want to give you guys an
example of what I think matters a lot
more if this hand would have happened
the previous hand I would not be
bluffing so let's talk about it in this
hand bulbas boy is going to open in the
cut off we are on the button we are just
going to fold and we see here our friend
Horus horsecollar is still in the big
blind Horus horse collar is going to
three bet with Ace King of Clubs bulbas
boy is going to call Horus horse collar
is going to C bet on this a high board
bulbas boy is going to call once more
now the turn is a four Horus horse
collar bets big bulbus boy is going to
jam Horus horse collar is a recreational
player so he doesn't understand that the
last time someone Bluff jammed a turn in
a three bet pot on an ace high board
George Washington Carver was President
of America so he is going to call it off
with Ace King here and we go to a river
which is a jack and bulbas boy is going
to scoop this pod with five4 of diamonds
so this is much more important if Horus
horse collar just got stacked in the
last hand if Horus horsecollar just had
a bad beat if Horus horsecollar just got
shown a bluff windmilled in his face I
would not be trying to Bluff this player
for big sizes this is where I would tone
it down you see the difference here
situation one is when we got caught
bluffing situation two is when something
bad happened to Horus horse collar I
have found situation two is where
players get much more sticky they are
much harder to Bluff I would tone down
the overb bluffing I would tone down the
big Bluffs in general situation one
where we get caught bluffing if we are
not caught bluffing against the player
in the hand that we are currently
playing a hand with it just doesn't
matter people aren't paying attention
they're on their phones they are the
hero of Their Own Story if something bad
happens to them that's when we want to
turn down bluffing if we get caught
bluffing if we have a bad image who
cares does matter all right the number
Squeezes Too Tight
two thing I was wrong about at low
stakes squeezes are too tight one of the
things I've been super surprised about
when people squeeze they don't really
have the ace Queen suited the pocket T
the king queen suited they don't really
have the linear hands that we're
supposed to be squeezing with at low
stakes people just kind of have these
polarized Bluffs when they're squeezing
which has really started to adjust the
way I've started to play back against
these squeezes let me show you all right
so here's an actual hand I played during
the low stakes challenge tiny boy limps
in the hijack we're going to ISO with
pocket quickies and now bulas boy is
going to call on the button small blind
comes along and now big blind squeezes
to a30 and usually when players are
squeezing closing the action I was just
thinking you know what this is way too
tight they are under squeezing here it's
going to be a super strong linear range
I'm not even sure if they're squeezing
hands like tens here all the time so
it's going to be like Jacks plus so I
thought Queens here played better more
conservatively as just a call here
because I thought players were just so
tight so I call and that's going to
bring along bulbas boy on the button
flop comes six deuce deuce villain goes
130 so we think okay you know what maybe
we can be ahead of some Ace King we're
ahead of pocket 10 pocket Jacks stuff
like that they take a small size they
probably take a bigger size a lot of the
time if they did have an over pair so
I'm feeling pretty good about it I'm
going to call here and see what plays
out on his turn and now surprisingly the
button is going to raise and now the
villain in the big blind is going to
call and at this point I'm thinking oh
[ __ ] maybe that small size on the Flop
wasn't indicative of Ace King right at
this point we are beat by one of these
players if not both most likely the
villain in the big blind here I think
the villain in the big blind has a lot
of hands here like Aces and Kings just
all the time maybe just Aces
specifically that feels invulnerable and
then bulbas boy on the button probably
just has like tens or something that's
just raising to find out where they're
at or whatever the hell low sticks
players do so I get out of the way turn
is a nine villain in the big blind Don
jams all in which checks out I just
think well this is aces against 10 or
whatever bulbas boy snaps it off river
is a five and at Showdown here villain
in the big blind actually shows king
deuce suited for trips so he squeezed
King dece suited and villain on the
button she shows five Deuce off suit and
she Scoops the pot so the Crux of this
is the king du suited in the big blind
this is not a oneoff occurrence I've
seen people kind of squeezing with these
kind of polarized garbage hands multiple
multiple times through my first 250
hours or so playing this low STI
challenge this is kind of the hands that
kind of should be squeezing we should be
using these good better and best hands
when we're squeezing because when you
squeeze you is much more likely to go to
a flop right if one player calls who
initially opened well that's going to
bring in a Cascade of callers so when
you squeeze you kind of want to use this
like very strong range kind of your
suited Broadways Ace Queen plus nines
plus Etc that can kind of just outand
people but what I've actually observed
is something more like this and not to
say these are the exact hands that
people are using but it's more like this
where it's just kind of like people are
squeezing the top of the range Queens
plus Ace King plus and then some Bluffs
like these offit ax or kingx hands and
then some of these garbage kind of suits
ASX and kingx hands and then maybe even
some of these like suited gapper type
hands this is kind of what I've seen
when people squeeze and I think the
thinking here is that they don't really
know what to do if they squeeze a hand
like pocket tens or queen Jack suited or
something like that kind of a hand
that's like good but not great and then
the Flop comes and they're kind of lost
so I think that's kind of the reasoning
if I'm trying to get in their head but
I'm seeing players squeeze a lot more
polar here with hands like these suited
gappers suited garbage ax wheel type
stuff this off suit asex so it's a much
more polar range that I'm seeing from
people squeezing and the adjustment I'm
kind of trying to implement here is when
people squeeze maybe I should be forb
betting more of a polarized range myself
where I'm forbing the very top of my
range Kings plus Ace King suited and
then some of these suited kingx hands at
the bottom of my open range and maybe
some of the suited ax hands at the
bottom of my open range and then maybe
an offsuit ax hand at the bottom of my
open range and the reasoning behind this
is because if people aren't squeezing
pocket 10s pocket 9es king queen suited
their range is going to be super polar
while there's going to be a ton of dead
money out there and we can just get them
to fold a lot of their garbage that
still has a good amount of equity
against us with some of our garbage
hands ourselves in essence my adjustment
to people three bet squeezing polar
maybe I should consider for betting a
little bit more polar myself especially
when I am in position all right the
Checkback Range
third thing I've been wrong about at low
stakes so far is always checking my
range out of position one deep you guys
know I'm a big fan of checking my range
to recreational players because in
general tend to over stab Telegraph
their hand strength with their bet size
and they don't protect their checkback
range but I am considering making one
deviation here and not always checking
my range out of position when deep so
let's talk about it so let's say we open
on the cut off here villain calls on the
button we've got Ace Jack and flap coms
Jack n deuce and this is the onand
category I'm considering deviating with
the most when we have a thick value hand
ourselves here now if we have a can play
for Stacks hand like pocket NES pocket
deuces Jack n suited I'm still highly
highly incentivized to check because if
our opponent has a big draw if they have
a thick value hand themselves we can
just cooler them it's going to be
extremely hard for us to get the money
in when we have can play for Stacks hand
like pocket NES by just going bet bet
bet ourselves and if we go for the check
here and we can get in the check race or
we can often just cooler our opponent
when they have a hand like pocket Deuces
or even a hand like Ace Jack themselves
also if we check here with a hand like
76 of diamonds our opponent stabs big
well we can just fold we just never have
to run into the good hands from our
opponents and if we have a draw here
well when we check our opponent's going
to Telegraph their hand strength with
their size and if they go big we can
play our draw passively just thinking
well we don't have much fold Equity here
and if our opponent goes small well we
can play our draw super aggressively
knowing we have a little bit more fold
Equity because when our opponent choose
a small size on a wet Dynamic board that
just means their range is a little bit
weaker because generally players go a
little bit bigger on these wet Dynamic
boards when they have good hands because
they're scared of a bad turn card or bad
River Card coming in our Bluffs here and
our comp for Stacks hands really really
really benefit from check here but the
one category of hand that I've been
deviating with the most is the sick
value hands because if we check here and
our opponent bets small what often ends
up happening is well we check raise and
our opponent folds and if we check here
and our opponent just bets big like if
they pot it on this board Ace Jack
doesn't really feel super comfortable
check raising and piling in all the
money here across turns and rivers
especially when our opponent chooses big
size they just have a lot of Deuces
nines Jack n suited Ace Jack kind of
shrivels up in value a little bit we
kind of have to go into this check call
Shell and sure often times we just call
here and then the turn goes check check
and we get a big value bet on the river
but here's the way I've been deviating
with this hand specifically I'm often
just going bet bet bet and you see we
can often get three pretty big bats in
short it's going to be hard to play for
all of the money here but often times we
can get three really big streets when
our opponent does have a hand like King
Jack Queen Jack Jack 10 that may just
fold to a check raise or a turn barrel
and is never folding if we just go bet
bet bet so still a really really big fan
of checking from out of position
especially the deeper we are the more
incentivized we are to check
particularly with ar and play for Stacks
hands and our Bluffs but I have been
deviating a little bit with these thick
value hands because I think sometimes
just going bet bet bet is the highest EV
play specifically with a hand that is
top pair top kicker or top pair good
Wet Boards
kicker all right the fourth thing I've
been wrong about it low stakes they will
never check back top pair or over pairs
on wet boards I've been surprised by
this but they will they won't do this
heads up okay they will not do this
heads up but when they are multi-way I
have seen quite a few players checking
back top pair good kicker or an over
pair even on wet boards so let me show
you so in this hand here the villain
opens in the cut off button calls we're
going to come along in the big blind
again when we're squeezing we want to be
linear we want to be good better best
all that upper left hand corner of the
hand balloon chart suited Broadways
pocket kns plus Etc just because of
player pull is squeezing polar doesn't
mean we should be squeezing polar right
we want to squeeze linear linear linear
because we're much more likely to see a
flop so this hand is not going to get
squeezed just a call here and we're
going to a flop pretty decent for us and
this one checks through at this point
the turn is a seven so I am just going
to come out and start betting here
trying to get value on this turn the
villain is going to call in the cut off
which is great for us and at this point
I think the villain the cut off has a
lot of ace high type hands maybe with a
straight draw to go along with it maybe
a hand like Ace eight or Ace de suited
or something like that and then I think
he's got a bunch of flush draws here
that may be checked on this flop on kind
of a scary board so I actually decided
to just block tiny on this River trying
to get him to spaz in retrospect I think
actually maybe just checking here to let
him Bluff all of his Mis flush draws
would be a better play but I bet tiny in
the spot and villain raised huge my plan
was if villain raises I'm snap calling
but he raised huge in the spot which set
off a few alarm Bells but you know what
the plan was let's get him to spaz and
and well you know what I don't really
think he has many strong hands when he
checks back on this flop so I
begrudgingly called it off and villain
showed pocket s so he actually checked
back an overp pair on a wet board but I
noted this was multi-way so maybe
players are checking back some over
pairs or top pair when multiway another
example this time we've got six deuce in
the big blind there is an open and a
Cascade of calls so we come along we
flop two pair flop checks through you
notice the villain is in the lowjack
here four on the turn and at this point
we're going to start start going for
Value I think there could be a lot of
pair plus draws out there that are going
to be relatively in elastic so I come
out that big villain from under the gun
now calls which is a little bit
surprising and now the river is in eight
and again I think maybe the play on this
River should just be checking here
trying to let villain bluff if I think
he doesn't really have any overpays but
I decided to block once again on this
River I don't know why I blocked I think
this is actually pretty bad with the
range out was assigning vill in game at
the moment but neither here nor there I
blocked villain raised and I just I
couldn't think of any Bluffs at all I
thought this was just always a hand like
ace5 suited or something like that so I
ended up folding here and villain was
kind enough to show pocket eight which
was Raising for very very thin value
just showing that when multiway
sometimes villains will check back
stronger hands than I was giving them
credit for now again I don't think this
ever happens heads up but multiway I've
seen quite a few examples of this now
let me show you what I'm doing
differently in game so in this hand
villain opens in the cut off who is a
rag button is going to call who actually
he actually was a bulbous boy this is a
real hand the player in his hand was
quite bulbous shout out to Albert the
bulbous boy at Hustler and we call in
the big blind here and we flap the nuts
we check it over villain checks back now
we go to a turn which is a three of
diamonds here so on this turn I actually
decided to check again on this turn
because I'm starting to wise up and and
realize that hey maybe the pre- Flop
razor can actually have some strong
hands when they check back this flop
maybe they can have some overp pairs
here they're checking back to flop for p
control if we check to them again well
over pairs are certainly going to bet
now on this turn flush draws are
certainly going to bet now on this turn
and then we can put in the big boy check
raise so I check it over our opponent
stabs and now we go for the big boy
check raise on the turn here and our
opponent does call so the adjustment I'm
making here is I am checking turns again
with both my Bluffs and my value on the
turn because I'm expecting the pre-f
Flop Razer to have a little bit of a
stronger range than I initially gave
them credit for and if they do have
overpays if they do have draws once we
check again now they're going to stab
and we want to check raise huge with
both our Bluffs and our value because
generally our opponents are going to
call one time on the turn to our big
check race then our value can just size
appropriately on the river to get them
to call with an overpair and our Bluffs
on the river can usually just put in all
the money knowing that yes they're
checking back over pairs or top pairs
sometimes but they're not generally
going to be checking back sets or
Straits they just don't have that kind
of discipline so they still are capped
just a little bit less capped than we
thought now on the river we can often
just size down to Target a hand like
pocket jacks or pocket queens or pocket
kings a one pair hand it's going to have
a hard time folding for say 300 or 400
on this River in game on this River I
actually decided to jam because I
thought our opponent could have quite a
few hands like acex of diamonds that
would be hard pressed to fold here our
opponent did end up tank folding but
this is the adjustment I'm making
checking the turn once again and going
for these big boy check races on the
Bluff Raising Rivers
turn all right the fifth thing I was
wrong about at low stakes they will
never Bluff raise rivers and I've been
surprised even in passive kind of low
stakes games players will Bluff raise
Rivers if they are given rope see there
are specific spots they will Bluff raise
Rivers so let me show you an example so
this was a hand I actually played open
109 of Hearts villain is going to call
here in the hijack going to a flop King
105 just checking my entire range out of
position here except maybe some thick
value may just be betting some thick
value as we talked about but this hand
Showdown value definitely wants to check
here we check our opponent checks it
back go to a turn which is a 10 here and
we are going to start going for Value
don't want to choose a huge size here
because we think if our opponent had a
king he would just bet the Flop right so
we're targeting hands like pocket NES
pocket eights maybe gut shots ace high
here pretty weak range that our opponent
has so I'm going to choose a small size
25 our opponent calls we go to a river
which is a back of diamonds now on this
River once again we are going to block
small again maybe to Target hands like
Queen Jack Ace Jack Jack n stuff like
that where our opponent could have made
second pair on this River and hopefully
now will'll pay us off so we go very
small 40 into 107 here and now our
opponent raises to 150 we bet the turn
we bet the river the board is a triple
Broadway board which is notoriously
under Bluff he's raising on the river
which is notoriously under bluffed so
everything in my head is screaming hey
this spot is under Bluff but let's step
back a second here because something
interesting happened in this hand where
we gave our opponent rope multiple times
if you think back on this hand well we
checked on the Flop which gave our
opponent a little bit of rope we bet
small on the turn which gave our
opponent a little bit of rope and we bet
small on the river which again gave our
opponent a little bit of rope and where
opponents will Bluff raise the river is
when pots are generally smaller and
where they feel like you are a little
bit weaker and if you open that door
sometimes players will Bluff raay so in
the spot I thought you know what if this
opponent did have a hand like ASX of
diamonds or a flesh draw he would often
just stab the Flop when we check to him
so what is he raising for value on this
River I don't think recreational players
will raise thin here I don't think a
hand like Ace Queen is getting raised on
this River I think it's really a flush
or nothing and most of the flush draws
pretty much just stab on the Flop so
maybe a hand like Jack 10 that's pretty
much it that's what he's repping so I
ended up flicking in the call here and
our opponent showed A7 with the Ace of
Diamonds rivers are massively under
bluffed especially if you take the
initiative if you're showing strength if
the pot is big but if at any time you
are showing weakness you were giving
your opponent rope you are checking you
using very small sizes this is where
opponents will start Bluff raising
rivers and on top of that the number one
spot I've seen opponents Bluff rais
Rivers is specifically this spot where
they have like the stiff Ace of Diamonds
right where the flush comes in and
they've watched some Doug Hulk video one
time that was like you know what when
you have the stiff nut flush Blocker in
your hand you should be bluffing that's
where I've seen recreational players
raise when we give them rope and when
they have the nut flush blocker so they
are bluffing Rivers but the situation
like described here has to be right all
Overfolded Hands
right the sixth thing I've been wrong
about at low stakes Rags will
overfolded and when we put in all the
money they will just kind of fold their
good hands because the population under
Bluffs but I've been kind of wrong about
this one and I've made a slight shift so
let's talk about it rag opens on the
button here notice we only started about
800 effective we're going to call in the
big blind with 86 of diamonds pretty
good flap for us checks over to the rag
on the button and I think at this point
when he bets small maybe we have a
smidge of Showdown value but I don't
think we have as much as you think
because while a fish may just be monkey
stabbing this board with overcards or
whatever who knows I think a rag is
going to be aware here and when he bets
into another rag which is us and fish in
the small blind I think he's just going
to have pretty good hands on this board
probably over pairs plus so I just don't
think we have as much Showdown value as
it appears on the surface so I like to
start turning my hand into a bluff right
away I check raise on the Flop turn is a
nine I want to leave that big chunky
overb behind on the river so I go small
on the turn river is a five which pairs
the board not the best card to Bluff in
the world but I still think the 78 got
there we could have 34 suited we could
have 65 we could just have a lot of good
good hands here and our opponent's going
to be hard pressed to hang on with an
over prair in the spot so I jam and our
opponent tank tank tank calls in the
spot with pocket aces so the adjustment
I've made here is RS will still
overfolded said so where fear starts
coming in is when you start getting
super deep when they're up a lot of
money when they built a big stack that's
when risk aversion starts coming into
play at 200 big blinds RS are just kind
of calling how they're supposed to call
or sometimes just even calling too much
so I've kind of just cut out the Flop
check Rays turn Barrel River Allin as a
bluff against Rags when I'm less than
200 big blinds effective so let me show
you what I am trying instead so if I
could redo this hand this is the line I
would now take because I've seen this
one get much more credit this time we
are just going to check call on the Flop
now the turn is a nine and if the turn
goes check check well we have Showdown
value and we can just pray that the
river goes check check and we are good A
lot of the times and if our opponent
bets the turn what looks stronger than a
flop check raise to rags who are aware
of going on a turn check raise and this
is how to start getting those over pairs
to fold I want to choose a relatively
small size here on the turn and then we
can just Jam the river and in my
estimation when you're 200 big blinds
the check call flop check Ray's turn
line Looks 10 times stronger to rags so
if you are going to make them play for
all the money and you're less than 200
big blinds effective this line
absolutely maximizes fold Equity because
the check raise turn is so under bluffed
by the population in live poker you just
get so much more credit from the rags
here if you are 200 big blinds or less
now let's say same spot except worth 300
plus big lines this is where I start to
apply all the pressure from the flop
because now we've just got some room to
maneuver we can check raise the Flop we
can choose a big overb size on the turn
and now we've just got a huge huge bet
to Pile in on the river and this is
where I think we can get rags to fold
all of their strong hands where that
risk aversion comes in when we're
greater than 300 big blinds deep this is
where I use that flop check raise pile
the turn pile the river line as a bluff
because this is where I think Rags start
to fold all right the seventh thing I've
been wrong about at low stakes that's a
lot of things Bluff catching when you
Bluff Catching
give fish rope is good I'm not saying
Bluff catching is all of a sudden bad
when you give them rope because they
still just Monkey kind of bluff but I
think is a better option sometimes so
let's talk about it so I was running
into this a lot I would open with a hand
like King do suited villain would call
flop some Showdown value with bottom
pair here so we're just C betting our
range where they raise off their strong
[ __ ] call with their weak [ __ ] they call
turn is an innocuous four of clubs we've
got Showdown value we want to funnel
them into my favorite line in live poker
where we see bet the Flop check back the
turn and Bluff catch the river and
that's what happens here we check back
and now our opponent just comes out and
Bets half pot on the river which if you
guys have watched these videos you know
it's just massively over bluffed they
just have too many Bluffs when they
choose this half pot kind of size so we
are going to call and all too often our
opponent just says oh you're good and
then they flip over a hand like pocket
sixes and we inexplicably lose to a
worse Bluff here on this River because
recreational players are just monkey
stabbing with pocket sixes I guess so I
was losing some money here in these
spots when Bluff catching and just being
shown better Bluffs than my bluff
catcher so the adjustment I've made here
when I have a hand that can't beat
middle pair when our opponent comes out
in this line where we check back the
turn and they come out and bet half pot
on the river I am just Bluff racing our
opponent does not have strong hands
first of all they would just raise off
pocket tens pocket Deuces Queen 10 on
the Flop and then on the river when the
flush comes in if they do have a flush
they just often bet 60 or 70 or even $80
on the river so when they come out and
bet 40 bucks on the river they are just
monkey stabbing with a bunch of Bluffs
and sure sometimes we're good sometimes
we just beat hands like King Jack or
Jack n or inex able ace high that are
stabbing for God knows what reason but I
think it's even more profitable here in
the spot when we have a hand that is
worse than second pair just turning
everything into a bluff when our
opponent has just announced hey I do not
have any good hands ever we can get our
opponent to fold the pocket sixes the 4X
who knows whatever the hell else they're
bluffing with it doesn't really matter
because they just don't have any strong
hands here so instead of bluff catching
a lot in these spots I am considering
Bluff raising and that is another
adjustment I've made all right guys
hopefully you enjoyed this video on all
the spots I I've been wrong about at low
stakes I'm not wrong very often so
hopefully you guys enjoy this cuz it's
it's going to be rare either way hope
this video turns you into the biggest
boy possible thank you guys and have a
gentle day