if you understand this one concept it'll
turn you into a poker player people are
terrified to play against all your
Bluffs will start to get through because
when you do run those big boy Bluffs
you'll just never run into any strong
hands this concept changed my game and
it's very simple the more fold Equity we
have the less equity in our own hand we
need so let me show you how this works
and by the end of the video I'm going to
turn you into a bluffing monster first
how exactly do we determine how much
fold Equity we have in the first place
good question let me show you all right
so here is my fold Equity list and this
list started with a bunch of things on
it four five six seven things but you
guys know I love to simplify and these
were really the only two things that
mattered when I distilled it down we
have more Equity when our opponent is
capped and when we are deep we have less
fold Equity when our opponent is
uncapped or when we are shallow our
opponents are capped this is just very
very simple when they do not have very
strong hands in their range and they are
uncapped when they do have very strong
hands in their range if our opponent
because of their previous actions
probably does not have those hands well
then they are capped all right so let's
jump into some examples and we will put
this into practice first example here
we're going to open it up to $20 on the
button and the villain is going to call
in the big blind flap is going to come
Queen 97 with a couple of Spades and our
opponent checks it over to us and we are
going to play this hand like we have
both Ace 10 of Spades and we're also
going to play this hand like we have
five four of diamonds so we talk about
this all the time and as you guys know
on most boards in most situations I like
to start start off with a range bet on
the Flop here is my way too Simple Guide
to bet sizing starting off with on the
Flop just ask one question will our
opponent raise their strong stuff and
call their weak stuff if yes we're going
to do lots of small betting if no we're
going to do lots of big betting and
checking so we're going to use that
question a lot today as we go through
these examples back to our hand will our
opponent raise off their strong stuff
and call with their weak stuff well yeah
if we bet relatively small our opponent
is going to raise off if they have a
hand like pocket 9es or queen n or
pocket sevens here back to our handy
dandy chart if yes lots of small betting
we are going to start off with a small
bet and now our opponent is going to
call we're going to a turn which is the
innocuous three of diamonds now our
opponent is going to check it over will
our opponent raise their strong stuff
and call their weak stuff if we assume
our opponent is Raising off Queen n
suited pocket 9s pocket sevs at a decent
frequency on the Flop then the answer is
going to be no and when our opponent
will not raise their strong stuff and
call with the weak stuff because in this
specific spot they just don't really
have any strong stuff that's going to
raise well that's when we want to be
using a big bet or check strategy as we
get to this turn now two things are
going on one when we ask will our
opponent raise their strong stuff and
call it their weak stuff well no because
our opponents don't really have any
strong stuff anymore Queen n suited
pocket sevens pocket NES a lot of the
strong stuff would raise off on the flap
going back to our handy dandy fold
Equity chart since our opponent does not
have very much strong stuff on this turn
that means they are capped and also
since we started this hand 200 plus big
blinds deep I'm not very good at math we
are deep here so that means we have more
more fold equity and when we have more
fold Equity we need less equity in our
hand we are going to be playing a big
bet or check strategy on this turn since
our opponent is capped so our high
Equity Bluff makes a lot of sense a hand
like Ace 10 of Spades would want to bet
very big here because our opponent is
not going to be folding when they have a
queen when they have Jack 10 when they
have a king High flush draw when they
have 108 if our opponent just has a good
hand here they are not going to be
folding but they also don't have very
strong hands where they're going to be
putting in more money for us so if we
have a high Equity Bluff like Ace Tennis
Spades big bet here on the turn is the
play also if we have a low Equity Bluff
like five four of diamonds here this may
be the place where we want to barrel
with our lowest Equity Bluffs and our
air because our opponent is capped and
we are deep and when those two factors
are true that's when we can start
working in these big Bluff sizes with
even low Equity hands so even if I had a
hand like five4 of diamonds I may be
choosing the very large size our
opponent calls we go to a river which is
an offsuit deuce and you see here we've
got over 2 and 1/2x pot behind what is
the best hand our opponent gets here
with probably a hand like Ace queen or
king queen because our opponent's going
to raise off their two pair or their
sets on the Flop the nuts didn't change
it's very hard for our opponent to have
a strong hand if we got to this River
with a hand like pocket kings or pocket
aces would we be going all in to Target
a hand like king queen probably not
because we' think a hand like king queen
would fold for 2 and 1/2x pot here on
this River so therefore this is a pretty
good spot to empty the clip and even
though we did not have a lot of equity
in our hand we have a lot of fold equity
in this spot because a our opponent is
capped and B we are deep so here on this
River with five four of diamonds I would
go all in expecting to get the fold
quite a lot of the time all right we
showed an example where our opponent is
capped and we are deep now let's talk
about an example where our opponent is
uncapped and we are deep let's jump in
all right so here once again we are
going to be playing this hand with Ace
10 of Spades and 54 of diamonds we open
up on the button our opponent calls in
the big blind same flap again we are
going to be range betting the size where
they raise off their strong stuff and
call with the w stuff and our opponent
calls now the turn is a deuce of Spades
and on this turn let's go back to our
handy dandy bet sizing guide will our
opponent raise their strong stuff and
call their weak stuff if yes lots of
small betting if no lots of big betting
and checking and the difference between
the deuce of Spades and saying off suit
three or an offit Deuce is our opponent
does have strong hands getting to this
turn in general opponents are going to
play a lot of their draws passively in
live poker so our opponent will have
some fleshes here they're going to have
some King High fleshes they're going to
have some jack high fleshes so if we
have Ace 10 of Spades here starting off
with the nuts if we bet small here will
our opponent raise off their strong
stuff and call it their weak stuff well
yes because if our opponent has a 10
High flush or a Jack high flash our
opponent is going to put in more money
for us and also if our opponent has a
weak hand like Jack 10 with a Jack of
Spades or something like that they also
may continue if we bet small here let's
look at this with five4 of diamonds same
situation when we bet small with five4
of diamonds well our opponents are
generally going to raise off when they
have a flush and also our opponents are
going to continue with a bunch of weak
[ __ ] like Jack 10 with the jack of
Spades that we can Bluff on the river
when we bet small here we encourage our
opponent to continue with a weaker range
because they're going to raise off their
strong stuff which is very very good for
our 54 of diamonds here so we bet small
our opponent is going to call now we go
to the river which is an offit three is
our opponent capped yes our opponent is
capped the best hand at a high frequency
that they may have after check calling
the turn is a hand like Ace Queen
because they're going to raise off all
their flushes on the turn it would have
raised off all their two pair and sets
on the flap so we had to do one extra
step here on the turn by betting small
once again but now our opponent is
capped and we are deep so you know what
we don't have any equity in our hand we
just got here with air but we feel
pretty good about blasting and I like to
use that inverse question if we did have
Ace 10 of Spades here what size would we
go here to get called by hand like king
queen or Ace Queen well we couldn't go
huge here because the flush came in the
draws got there our opponent's not going
to feel very good about hanging on with
a single pair hand even if it is top
pair we may have to go 125 maybe if we
got greedy 150 on this River but we
certainly couldn't choose an egregious
size trying to get called by king queen
or Ace Queen when the flesh comes in so
therefore when we have 54 of diamonds we
are just pretty confident we're not
going to run in too many brick walls our
opponent is capped we are deep and we
can just unload the clip here go for
that big boy size on the river and get
our opponent to fold Ace queen and king
queen all right guys real quick if
you're getting value from this video all
I ask please hit that Thumbs Up Button
Please Subscribe it helps boost Us in
the algorithm and it does great things
for everybody involved
thank you all right so if you've watched
any of the videos before I've used those
previous two examples quite a bit but
now let's jump into a little bit more
Nuance what if the turn is somewhere
more in between what if we are deep and
our opponent is maybe capped but we're
not sure let me show you all right so
this is where that fold Equity equation
really comes into play we open on the
button our opponent calls we are going
to C bet on the flap the sides where
they raise off their strong stuff call
it their weak stuff now the turn is a
jack so if we did have a hand like Ace
10 of Spades here we have a very high
Equity Bluff we have the nut flush draw
we're open-ended it's just a very big
draw here on this turn so our opponent
is not necessarily capped here they can
have Straits right they can have hands
like King 10 they can have 108 they can
even have hands like Jack n or queen
Jack so they can have some two pair they
can have some Straits we go back to our
handy dandy chart here will our opponent
raise their strong stuff and call their
weak stuff if yes lots a small betting
if no lots of a big betting and checking
the answer here is sometimes it's
somewhere in between right it's a little
bit of a gray area if our opponent has a
hand like Jack n well they raise off
here all the time even if we bet small
sometimes maybe not all the time our
opponent can also just have a lot of
hands here like Jack 10 and queen 10 and
109 that are just always calling a big
bet but are never putting any more money
for us now well our opponent raise if
they have 108 or King 10 a high
percentage of the time yes but it's
somewhere in between right it's
somewhere a gray area so here is where
that fold Equity comes into play if we
do have a hand like Ace 10 of Spades
here on this turn we need a little bit
less fold Equity because we have so much
equity in our hand I may still go for
the big boy size here on this turn
knowing if we get called well we're
sometimes going to make our hand if we
make a straight if we make a flush
sometimes even if we just hit an ace we
have a lot of outs here that we are just
going to have the best hand a lot on the
river so we need a little bit less fold
Equity so we're comfortable going big
here to Pile in more money against hands
like Queen 10 and 109 and Jack 10 that
are going to put in a big bet here and
always fold on the river and if our
opponent does have two pair or a
straight or whatever and they don't
raise off on this turn that's okay that
they don't raise off off all the time
because we have so much equity in our
hand we're just going to get there a
bunch on the river and we're going to be
able to win a massive pot anyway if
we're in this same spot on the turn with
54 of diamonds where we've got a
complete airball here and since we have
less equity in our own hand we need more
fold Equity going back to our fold
Equity chart we have less fold Equity
when our opponent is uncapped and we are
shallow our opponent is kind of capped
and we are deep so it's somewhere in
between when our opponent is capped and
we are deep we can generally just blast
the turn and blasts the river when we
have air or low Equity draws but if
either one of those things are not true
it starts to become a punt and an our
case here well yes our hand probably has
zero equity on this turn we want to
choose that small size to recap our
opponents to make sure they're going to
raise off when they have Straits to make
sure they're going to raise off when
they have Queen Jack and then getting to
the river now we're going to have a much
more profitable bluffing opportunity CU
we're just not going to run into the top
of our opponent's range once we Rec cap
them here on the turn our turn strategy
is going to be a little bit more nuanced
when it's not so black and white so
maybe our high Equity Bluffs and our
thick value hands want to choose this
very very large size on the turn maybe
our low Equity Bluffs in air and some of
our thinner value hands want to choose
this smaller size here all right now
let's talk about a spot where our
opponent is probably capped but we just
don't have a lot of Stack depth behind
all right so first let's play this spot
with Ace 10 of Spades we open Button we
are going to cat the sides where they
raise off strong [ __ ] call it their weak
[ __ ] turn is a blank we're going to be
choosing a big size we don't need to go
with that 2x size just because we don't
start off that deep we're still going to
go with a small overb here on the turn
our opponent calls and we go to the
river and we completely brick and as you
see here on this River we have a small
over behind the question I'd be asking
is our opponent going to fold a hand
like Ace queen or even Queen Jack or
queen 10 for a small overb here on the
river when everything bricks you see how
different the situation is when we are
shallow I would not feel good about our
opponent folding to hand like Ace queen
or king queen or queen Jack here so when
we have Ace 10 of Spades well we beat a
lot of our opponent draws right we beat
hands like Jack 10 or maybe King High
flush draws I would probably just check
this one back expect to be good a small
percentage of the time against our
opponent's worst draws now if we do have
a low Equity Bluff on this turn we could
either choose the large size targeting
our opponent's big draws like Jack 10
King 10 of Spades so we're going to go
large on this turn with 54 of diamonds
because our opponent is capped and now
getting to the river here well once
again we don't feel good about making
Queen X fold when we have five high on
this River it's pretty good for us just
to get our opponent to fold those F4
mention draws so we can just go very
very small and get our opponent to fold
their better draws the other option here
with 54 of diamonds is to actually go
small on the turn if we go small here
well it's going to make sure our
opponent has a wider weaker range
getting to the river to have a
profitable Bluff we don't need to get
king queen Ace queen queen Jack to full
top pair is not folding at this stack
depth right if we just get the draws to
fold or maybe because we bet smaller on
the turn our opponent continued with
hands like 9x or 7x so we can just get
hands like 910 or 78 to fold on this
River once again we choose this small
size we're not targeting Queen X we just
want the 9x the 7x the draws to fold
here and we have a profitable Bluff so
once again when we have low Equity
Bluffs in air if we are deep and our
opponent is capped that's when we can
empty the clip with two big Bluffs but
if either one of those factors are not
true if our opponent is uncapped or we
are shallow we're probably going to want
to choose a smaller size on at least one
street all right now let's turn up the
difficulty level let's look at another
example where our opponent is uncapped
and we are deep all right so once again
going to play this with 54 of diamonds
going to open the button and our
opponent is going to call but now the
Flop comes Ace 97 instead of Queen 97
and it's rainbow instead of a flush draw
so how does this change things when the
Flop is going to be a more static dry
flop instead of a dynamic wet flop so
let's go back to our handy dandy way too
Simple Guide to bet sizing here will our
opponent raise off their strong stuff
and call their weak stuff if yes that's
a small betting if no lots of big
betting and checking if we bet small
here is our opponent going to always
raise off if they have hands like pocket
9es pocket sevens and my answer to that
is no because this board is so dry and
so static our opponent doesn't have to
worry about overcards coming they don't
have to worry about a flush coming in if
we bet small here is our opponent going
to call with a weit are they going to
call with a hand like pocket fives and
my answer again is No our opponent is
probably not going to call with their
weak stuff here so they're not going to
call with their weak stuff they're not
going to raise off their strong stuff
back to our handy dandy Beck question
here when neither of these things are
true we're going to be doing lots of big
betting and checking we can't choose a
size where they raise off their strong
[ __ ] and call it their we [ __ ] so big
betting and checking this is not the
hand I want to start doing big betting
with on the Flop we need two things to
be true to start barreling off with big
sizes with our low Equity Bluffs or air
we need our opponents to be capped and
we need to be deep well on this board
well we're deep but our oppon o is
uncapped and even choosing a small size
on this board is not going to help us
cap our opponents because they may just
trap their strong hands on a board
that's so static and dry on these ace
high dry static boards I'm generally
just playing an overb or check strategy
and with a lot of my weak hands I am
generally just going to check back now
this doesn't mean we're giving up if our
opponent bets small on the turn or if
our opponent checks on the turn well now
we have another clue that our opponent
may be slightly more capped and we can
start bluffing with these hands that
have low Equity or air on the turn or on
the river but generally just not going
to blast off here into an uncapped range
when we have air or low Equity remember
to use those big sizes when we have air
or low Equity we need our opponent to be
capped and we need to be deep both of
those things are not true here so what
hands would I start bluffing with on
this flop that's a good question I'm
going to choose either very high Equity
hands 108 of diamonds were open-ended
with three to a straight flush and when
we have more equity in our hand we need
a little bit less fold Equity also
another good potential candidate to
start a bluff on this board would be a
hand that blocks our opponent having
those hands that are going to trap and
call us down if we think by putting in
225 plus big blinds here if we go over
bet bet Jam that we can get our opponent
to fold hands like Ace 10 and Ace Jack
and Ace 8 what hands are our opponent
going to call us down with Ace 9 suited
pocket sevens pocket NES so having hands
that block those strong hands our
opponent have are going to be pretty
good candidates to start this triple
barrel Bluff big here on the flap 76 of
diamonds 75 of Spades something like
that and giving us a little bit more
Equity when our opponent does have hands
like Ace Jack or Ace 10 well we can hit
two pair we can hit trips we can hit a
back door flush draw back door straight
draw so just giving ourselves a little
bit more of an escape hatch here finally
let's look at one more example where our
opponent is uncapped and we are shallow
so maybe just the worst spot to Bluff so
here we are here again opening five for
diamonds on the button flop com comes
Ace 97 and once again on this board we
can't really choose a size where our
opponents raise or strong [ __ ] and call
with their weak [ __ ] so we're going to
be playing big bet or check well what
hands do we want to use the big bet size
with well now because we are shallow the
hands we want to use maybe change a
little bit that's 7 six of diamond 75 of
Spades those hands don't really work
quite as well and the reason is here
because when we are at this depth well
yeah our opponent's going to call us
down of course when they have 9 seven or
pocket sevens but our opponent may also
call us down if they have a hand like
Ace Jack or Ace 10 at this depth so
having that 7x blocker just doesn't
really matter nearly as much if our
opponent's going to be calling us down
with single pair hands so I'm going to
be very very picky here with my Bluffs
when starting off with big bets on the
flap and may only be choosing my very
very very highest Equity Bluff here like
108 of diamonds or 108 of Spades just
because I am not expecting us to have a
lot of fold Equity when our opponent is
uncapped and we are shallow all right
guys so just a quick little guide to
bluffing we can blast off with our air
and our low Equity draws when our
opponent is capped and when we are deep
if one of those two things is not true
we probably just want to be choosing our
higher Equity Bluffs and if both of
those things are not true proceed with
caution when bluffy just remember the
more fold Equity we have the less equity
in our hand we need hopefully this video
helps level up your guys win rate and
turn you into the biggest boy possible
thank you and have a gentle day