I want to talk about the biggest bet
sizing mistake I see poker players make
just because we have the nuts doesn't
mean we should be sizing huge and just
because we have a thin value hand
doesn't necessarily mean we should be
sizing small as soon as I stopped sizing
my bets based upon the strength of my
own hand and started sizing them based
upon the strength of my opponent's range
my win rate absolutely catapulted
catapulted that's a fun word so let me
show you a few examples first I'm going
to show you where we have thin value but
maybe we should be sizing pretty pretty
big let's jump in all right so first
example here we've got the 108 of clubs
open it up on the button to 5x because
we are in a soft live game where people
are not three betting and they are
calling too much so going to use a
larger open siiz big blind is going to
call flop comes Queen 65 he checks it
over as you guys know single race pots
heads up been position I'm going to be
betting my entire range because range
bets are very very hard to play against
so I'm going to choose a size where they
are hopefully going to raise off their
strong [ __ ] but still call with their
weak [ __ ] so usually in single pots
heads up going to be around 1/2 pots so
I go $25 and the big blend calls now we
go to the turn and we [ __ ] second pair
so here on the turn I would ask what
category is my hand somewhere between
thin value and maybe Showdown value you
guys probably know my favorite line in
live poker where I see bet the Flop
check back the turn with my thin value
or Showdown value and then Bluff catch
the river this a really good line for a
few reasons number one when we check
back the turn if villan has a very
strong hand like a queen they're just
going to come out and bet the river
large fear and greed drive a ton of live
poker players decisions so if they have
a hand like king queen and the turn goes
check check well they're just going to
bet large on the river 3/4 pot maybe pot
2/3 pot they're going to bet big if they
get to the river with a hand like 78 or
a busted spay draw they're often going
to Bluff as well but generally fear
drives their decision then and live
poker players generally choose a smaller
size 40% pot 50% pot 55% pot so when
they come out and bet the river small
well they're usually going to have a
bluff and we could just Bluff catch with
second pair when they come out and bet
the river big well they're usually going
to have a queen or some type of strong
hand like Queen 10 so we can just fold
the third possibility which we're going
to see here the river is a queen and now
they check on the river so what do they
have when they check their Bluffs
usually come out in bets small and their
value usually comes out in bets big so
when they check the river they have a
ton of Showdown value pocket sevens
pocket eights so when they check the
river here is one generalistic I find
incredibly helpful when playing live
poker recreational players check the
river to check call because they're lffs
are going to come out and bet small here
their value is going to come out and bet
big so when they check they have
Showdown value they are planning on
check calling so in this spot I like to
ask the inverse question if I was
bluffing on this River what size would I
have to bet to get a hand like pocket
sevens or 6X to fold and I think we
would have to go absolutely massive here
because when they check this River all
the draws brick right 78 bricks 89
bricks 43 bricks everything basically
bricks on this River and I think if they
have a hand like pocket sevens or A6
they are are planning on calling so this
is a spot we only have second pair no
kicker but this is a spot I think we can
bet very very big and this is an exact
hand I played live at 55 and I bet 1.5x
pot on this River I bet $150 the villain
actually snap called and we were good so
if anything I think our 1.5x size on the
river maybe could have been even a
little bit bigger here so this is spot
number one where we have a thin value
hand very very good spot to go huge even
though we have thin value all right next
example here and we've gone through a
spot where we are playing a single race
pot now let's talk about a three bet pot
so we start this one a little bit deeper
just under 250 bigs 1,00 effective here
my Mo I like to play three bet pots
heads up in position because that's
where we are going to realize our Edge
if we do a lot of calling well the
blinds are going to come along as well
and we're just going to be playing bingo
where we have to hit a hand to win a pot
when we're playing three bet pots heads
up in position that isn't the case there
are three possibilities when we play a
three bet pot heads up in position
number one we make a good hand and we
win number two our opponent does not
make a good hand and we win or number
three our opponent makes a good hand and
they win I like those odds we win two
out of three times in those scenarios so
we are going to three BET our opponent
is going to call flop comes Queen 85 and
once again I'm going to choose the size
hopefully where they raise off their
strong [ __ ] and call with their weak
[ __ ] so in a three bet pot I generally
go somewhere between 30 to 40% pot
rather than half pot just one little bit
of nuance here so I go 50 into 127 our
opponent does call now the turn is a
seven and I think our opponent is going
to have a ton of inelastic hands when
they call on this flop they're going to
have hands like pocket nines that are
now second pair plus a gutshot they're
going to have hands like Jacks and T
that just aren't going to believe us at
a high frequency they're going to have
worse Queen X they're going to have
Queen Jack suited Queen 10 suited stuff
like that or they have a flesh draw plus
a straight draw a hand like Ace six of
hearts or Ace nine of Hearts so they're
going to have a ton of inelastic hands
on this turn they are relatively capped
so most of their range is going to be
top pair second pair flush draws combo
draws stuff like that when they are most
capped I'm going to be choosing big Bets
with a lot of my range here so we are
going to choose the overb small overb if
this was a single raise pot I may go
1.5x 2x pot here on the turn we would
like to make sure that hands like pocket
9es or King High flush draws stick
around and players get a little bit more
sensitive to sizing when the absolute
size of the bet gets bigger so a small
small overb here in a three bet pot we
go 250 and the villain calls now we go
to the river which pairs the board
villains do tend to get more sticky with
made hands if the board pairs on the
Flop or the turn villains get a little
bit less sticky with their draws they
are much more willing to let their draws
go early on in the hand if the board
pairs but they do get more sticky with
their maid hands now when the board
pairs on the river we are no longer
concerned about draws if a player has a
queen here are they ever folding if we
got to this River with a hand like 910
of hearts or Jack 10 of Spades how much
would I have to bet on this River to
make our opponent fold a hand like Queen
Jack or queen 10 even a hand like pocket
Jacks would our opponent fold that hand
to a jam Queen High board three bet pot
board paars on the river what hand did
they put us on when we three bet pre-f
flop with usually hands like Ace King
what hands do we lose to on this River
maybe Ace five of hearts and Ace Queen
that's about it but our opponents are
going to get very very sticky with top
pair and the way to keep myself
logically consistent here if we had a
hand like 910 of hearts or Jack 10 of
Spades and our opponent flipped over a
hand like Queen 10 suited or queen Jack
suited would we ever try to make that
hand fold for just over pot here and my
answer would be probably not Queen High
board rebat pot board pairs on the river
opponents are going to get relatively
sticky they put us on Ace King pre flop
all the draws missed this to me looks
like a very good spot to Value bet and
not all that great of a spot to Bluff so
I think on this River if I had a bluff
if I had Jack 10 of Spades here or if I
had nine 10 of Hearts here I may just
Bluff very very small just trying to get
our opponents to fold a hand like asex
of hearts or King X of hearts since our
Bluffs would want to go small because we
think our opponents are never folding
Queen X our value wants to go huge and
yes we only have top pair second kicker
in a three bet pot but I think this is a
great spot to jam for Value so we go all
in and we get called all right guys real
quick if you're enjoying this video if
you have gotten value from this Channel
at all please hit that subscribe button
hit the thumbs up button it helps us out
it boosts the video in the algorithm and
helps it do better things thank you guys
have a gentle day all right next hand
here we've talked about a spot where
we're the pre- Flop Razer in a single
race pot we've talked about a three bet
pot so let's talk about a spot now where
we are the pre- flop caller so the
button is going to open to $20 we're
going to defend in big blind with Ace 10
here flop comes Ace 9 Deuce we check and
our opponent checks it back now the turn
is a queen so I think a mistake that I
used to make on these turns myself was
just coming out and betting half pot or
3/4 pot or whatever this is the one type
of board where our opponents will
actually check back some of their top
pair if they have a weak ax suited hand
like ace4 suited ace5 suited A7 suited a
lot of those hands on this flop are
going to check back also this turn now
brings in a bunch of draws our opponent
can have Jack 10 they can have some
Broadway gut shots they can have some
back door flush draws if we bet 2/3 pot
3/4 pot whatever the standard size here
is they have a hand like pocket sixes
they're just folding no matter what but
if our opponent did check back a hand
like ace5 suited or ace7 suited or they
pick up a flush draw here on the turn
they are not folding no matter what size
we bet so I think coming out here on
this turn and playing either in overb or
check strategy is pretty pretty good
versus most of the population what if
our opponent checked back a hand like
Ace King or Ace queen and I would say
that is rather unlikely usually the
hands that players check back on these
static Ace High boards usually going to
be the weaker acex the hands like ace3
suited ace four suited they're just
going to generally still bet their
strong top pair they're two pair a
little bit too much on the Flop and
they're just going to check back when
they have these weaker top pair hands on
these St static type dry boards so I
think the play here is to come out and
overb our opponent does call we go to
the river which is a brick we have a
thin value hand we have top pair kind of
a medium kicker if our opponent flipped
over a hand like ace four suited and we
were to ask okay how do we make this
hand fold let's say we get here with a
busted spay draw right well we would
have to bet absolutely massive on this
River because the reason why our
opponent checks back on the Flop with
top pair sometimes on these static dry
boards is to pot control so if we were
to Bluff them off that hand we would
have to go absolutely massive maybe 3x
pot and I'm not even sure they'd fold
all the time for 3x pot here we may have
to go huge to get them to fold in acex
type holding what does that mean when we
have value well when we have Ace 10
we're just ahead of most of their
checkback range on this flap and they
have a ton of suited ax that are going
to call they may even get sticky with a
hand like king queen or queen Jack
because all the draws Miss I think our
opponents will massively under Bluff
when they do have hands like Jack 10 I
think our opponents will sometimes Bluff
but they won't Bluff all the time and
the other problem is our opponents won't
bet thinly when they have worse acex our
opponents will generally just check back
here so when you are playing against
typical live opponents who don't value
bet thinly and under Bluff usually just
taking the betting lead yourself and
putting the money in yourself is going
to outperform checking now if you're
against a very aggressive very Spazzy
player maybe making a deviation here and
checking could be good because they will
bet thinly and because they will Bluff
at a high frequency but in general
against most of the population I think
just putting the chips into the pot
ourself is going to outperform so here
in this spot we come out on this River
and overb we bet 200 into 162 just
targeting their weak ax maybe some of
their hands like king queen we get
called and we are good all right we've
looked at a few spots now where we have
thin value where we may want to size
huge now let's look at a few spots where
we have thick value where we have kind
of nutted hands but we still may want to
size small let's jump in all right first
example here villain opens under the gun
we're going to three bet with the ace 10
suited and back around to our opponent
they are going to call flop com 63 Deuce
with a couple Hearts so we flop the nut
fles draw here they check it over we are
going to bet our entire range small here
in a three bet pot they are going to
call now the turn is a five and on this
turn the question I would ask is our
opponent capped and the answer here is
no probably not because our opponents
generally are just going to play their
draws passively especially in three back
pot so I think they get to this turn
with some flushes a lot of hands like
king queen of hearts Queen Jack of
Hearts when our opponents are uncapped
we generally want to bet small it will
give our opponents incentive to raise
off when they have a weaker flush and
also it will allow them to still
continue here as a call when they have a
hand just like black pocket eights here
on this turn so by betting small when
they're uncap they will call with a
bunch of their weaker [ __ ] that we have
drawing dead and they will put in more
money for us with a bunch of their
fleshes so we're essentially capturing a
big bet against their fleshes and we get
the extra value against their weaker
[ __ ] that we still call the small bet so
our opponent checks it over we are going
to bet small just over 1/3 pot here now
our opponent is going to call River now
is a seven and our opponent checks it
over the natural inclination in this
spot is well we essentially have the
nuts here I don't I don't want to hear
the [ __ ] that 4 seven of Hearts is
the nuts if that is your inclination in
the spot this this video is not for you
go away please the natural inclination
is just we have good hand let us bet big
but I think that is wrong because we
think about our opponent's range and our
opponent just doesn't really have any
flushes here if they had flushes when we
bet small on the turn they're generally
just going to raise off our opponent's
not really going to have any Straits
here right they opened under the gun
what 4x hands are they going to have
most opponents usually aren't opening
pocket Deuces pocket 3es pocket fives a
lot of these hands don't get opened
especially to a 5x opening size from up
front and if they did have pocket Deuces
or pocket 3s they probably raise off on
the Flop what is our opponent's range
here on this River pocket eights pocket
9es pocket Jacks and the flush has
gotten there there's a oneliner to a
straight out there so I think our
opponents are going to be relatively
price sensitive on this River if we got
here with an airball Bluff Ace Jack with
the ace of hearts and our opponent
flipped over a hand like pocket NES well
this is a pretty good spot to Bluff I
think we get pocket 9es pocket 10s
pocket Jacks to fold on this River
almost all the time if we just bet
somewhere around pot even 3/4 pot I
think our opponents are going to fold
over pairs quite a lot to us the flush
gets there there's a oneliner to a
straight opponents just get scared on
these boards we could get a lot of their
range to fold by just going 350 400 on
this River so that means when we do have
value we probably want to size down we
go 200 just because we have a very good
hand doesn't mean we just get to bet big
if we want to make money we have to
constantly be asking what is our
opponent's range so we bet 200 our
opponent reluctantly calls and we are
good now you may be asking Mark what's
going on with your hair why is it like
this well Liz isn't home and I don't
know how to put my hair up and make it
look normal and she's not here and I had
to do this video so this is what you
guys get today you are blessed with this
all right next one here this is a real
example that one of our coaches played
and in this one the hijack is going to
limp we're going to ISO with pocket
sixes in the cut off and the limper is
going to call flop comes Queen Jack 7
opponent is going to check it over we
are just going to range bet here see bet
in our entire range for a size where
they raise off their strong [ __ ] call
with their weak [ __ ] coach in this hand
went a little bit smaller seems okay you
went 25 and the villain calls and look
at that sweet baby there we [ __ ] the set
on the turn now at this point I would
ask is our opponent capped and in
general the answer is yes because if our
opponent had a hand like pocket sevens
or queen Jack when we bet small in the
flap those hands are raising off so they
are capped I like to use a very big size
because our opponents aren't going to
put in more money for us if we bet small
if we bet big Queen isn't folding a hand
like Queen 10 or queen king that hand
isn't folding an a high flush draw isn't
folding combo draws like 7x of Spades
those hands aren't folding 89 of Spades
these hands just aren't folding they
have a lot of hands here that are going
to be relatively inelastic and are going
to call a big bet but aren't necessarily
going to raise and put in more money for
us even if we bet small we are targeting
top pair here we are targeting straight
draws we are targeting flesh draws we
are targeting combo draws we're are
going to bet big on this turn putting
the overb and our opponent is going to
call now the river is a queen and I
think this river is super interesting so
you may be asking well Mark why don't we
just bet huge on this River then because
our opponent is never folding trips I do
think that betting huge here could be
okay we bet 500 600 on this River we
over bet Queen X is never folding we get
paid that seem seems pretty good if we
just zoom out and ask what is our
opponent's range getting to the river
well it's going to be Queen X it's going
to be trips it's going to be a ton of
busted draws so if we are playing
against an opponent who has any little
bit of aggression in their game at all I
think betting very very tiny on this
River could actually outperform betting
huge often times if we bet very very
small our opponents could raise off if
they just have a busted draw like 89 or
Spades here and also if we bet small
Queen X is going to put in more money
for us so I think a super creative play
that may outperform betting huge is just
betting like on10th pot or 1/8 pot so
what actually happened in game is our
coach Tom he bet $40 the opponent snap
raised to 250 Tom of course just put in
the money expecting that Queen X is not
going to be able to fold and the villain
snap folded which means here that Tom
induced this opponent to actually raise
with a draw this is one where again just
betting big seems fine betting very very
big on the river seems like a fine play
but we may actually be able to increase
our EV against our opponent's entire
range by just betting very very very
small and getting them to spaz with
their draws and just always putting more
money for us when they do have trips all
right another example with thick value
here in this one we are going to play
from out of position so we three bet the
buttons open from the small blind with
Ace five of Hearts flop comes Jack 95
and my Mo in single raise pots or three
bet pots out of position I am checking
my entire range against recreational
players they over stab they Telegraph
their hand strength with their bet
sizing and they do not protect their
checkback range we are going to check
here our opponent is going to stab small
and with bottom pair plus back door nut
fles draw we are going to call turn is
now a deuce of Hearts we're going to
check it over and flow now opponent
checks it back and now the river is a
three of Hearts giving us the nuts on
this River let's think about our
opponent's range first of all they
stabbed small on the Flop on a dynamic
board now they checked back the turn
there's tons of straight draws out there
there's now a back door flush draw out
there if our opponent had a jack here
they would generally just continue
betting so what is most of our
opponent's range when they check back
the turn well it's probably going to be
a ton of Showdown value 9x hands like
pocket eights pocket sixes pocket sevens
we've given our opponent rope so if they
did have like an open in straight draw a
lot of the time they would just continue
barreling on the turn if they were
aggressive if they're passive if they're
just going to give up with their draws
on the turn even if we check to them on
this river that means they are probably
just going to check back their draws
anyway so checking is probably not great
here most of our opponent's range again
is just going to be kind of weak
Showdown value 9x pocket sixes pocket
eights we wouldn't have to bet that much
to get our opponent to fold on this
River because they're just going to have
pretty pretty weak hands here so if we
were trying to get our opponent to fold
pocket eights we may just be able to bet
pot we should probably be going
relatively small when we have value
because we would love for a hand like
Ace 9 or pocket eights to call here so
even though we have the nuts our
opponent has a weak range we want to
Target that weak range to put in a call
so we are going to go very very small to
make sure pocket AIDS call third pot
maybe this is a little bit too small to
make the point here maybe I get a little
bit greedier and go 125 150 because what
do our opponents put us on in a three
bit pot when we check all the Flop Ace
King maybe I would size this up slightly
to 125 150 but the point Still Remains
we can't just bet huge on this River
because we have the nuts because our
opponent has a weak range and they
aren't going to call all right guys
hopefully you've enjoyed this video on
when to bet huge when you have thin
value and when to bet small when you
have nutted hands and this catapults
your win rate and turns you into one of
the biggest boys possible thank you guys
and have a gentle day