## Intro
so you want to get better at poker but
you're not sure where to start you tried
watching a live stream but all the live
stream players were fish you tried
watching a poker Vlog but the vlogger
was a bigger fish than the live stream
player you tried to solve her but the
solver taught you how to play against
Doug poke and none of the players in
your game can even spell Doug poke so
where do you start if you feel like you
may be wasting your time every time you
study poker I understand I felt the same
way so today I'm going to give you four
actionable tips that actually help level
up your win rate right away and to walk
us through these four tips we're
bringing in the co-founder of Hungry
Horse poker who loves being on video so
much and the best poker player I know
GTH and Jacobs gin let's Jump Right In
Tip 1 Know your opponents range
with tip number one where do we start
tip number one know your opponent's
range what is their range Now update
that after every action the better and
more consistent you are at that the
better your decision making is going to
be particularly on latest streets where
a lot of people get flustered confused
make big expensive bad place okay so we
are playing 25 here and the villain is
in the C off and it folds around to the
villain so gin start us off I always
like to ask our students what is their
range now and they look at me like I'm
crazy they go how how could I possibly
know and the answer is super super easy
the answer is 100% of hands until they
race they have any two now when they
race now we can start to put them on our
range Okay cool so let's represent this
visually here and we are just going to
select all and this is their range does
this look accurate to you before they
there's any action in the hand I think
it's fair to say at this point they can
have any two cards except for the two in
my hand all right so now they raised to
20 let's start narrowing it down if we
were to use Mass data it would say that
fish in the cut off raise about 18 to
20% of hands and we could start
representing the hands that they do have
and maybe the hands that they don't and
if we are really paying attention at the
table maybe they have sizing Tails maybe
when they raise to three big blinds
their range looks a little bit different
when they raised to five big blinds or
six big blinds what we're really asking
is not oh they've raised from the cut
off but what is their range now all
right kther how's this look to you maybe
narrowing down the range when they open
in the cut off here I think this is a
pretty good starting point for your sort
of average maybe slightly more passive
recreational player now it's not going
to be precise is this player sometimes
raising ace9 offsuit sure but what we're
trying to do is we're trying to improve
on hey this guy has any two cards well
now he doesn't now there's somewhere in
that 20 to 25% of hands we're starting
to think about their range after every
action all right so now what happens in
this hand is we are going to three bet
with pocket eights as you know rmo
isolate recreational players play pots
heads up in position so we're going to
three bet to $80 folds back around to
the cuto off and now the cut off calls
so let's jump back into their range here
and let's narrow it down further they
have now opened and called a three bet
so we've made a slightly larger than
maybe people are used to three bet
because recreational players make a few
mistakes they they call too much they
for bet too little and they fall too
little as well so in this situation
because this player is just called we
can probably rule out some hats they
probably don't have Aces they probably
don't have Kings those are going to be
part of their for betting range almost
all of the time but we can also probably
rule out some of their very worst hands
because even fish who like to play hands
are still going to fold some of that
opening range to our three bet
particularly when we use a 4X Sizer
how's this look to you about 15% of
hands continuing here we cut down the
offsuit Broadways we have a and Kings
for betting we have Ace King suited and
Ace King off sometimes for betting and
queen sometimes for betting but not at a
super high frequency from a typical live
recreational player and then folding a
lot of the 9x and suited gappers and
stuff like that yeah I think this is a
pretty good reflection particularly
because we started this hand super deep
I think there's a lot of recreational
players who are afraid to put more money
in because they know their tendency is
an inability to fall so if they do fall
bet you with Queens they feel obligated
to call a five bet so they protect
themselves by just calling by not
betting thinly for value and they end up
with a range that is under four beding
calling too much and easy to exploit
post flop we are going to go to a flop
flop is 1085 look at that sweet baby
there oh you got it for
me all right so there you're going to
check it over to us and ouro and three B
pots is choose a size where they raise
off their strong [ __ ] and call with
their weak [ __ ] usually going to be
smaller in a three bet pot than a single
rais pot because the absolute size of
the pot is bigger so we're going to go
$60 here and now they crawl let's jump
back into the range and narrow it down
once again so when we bet 60 bucks into
to 160 170 well they're probably not
calling us with complete air right
they're probably calling us and this is
where I want to think about buckets
they're going to call with top pet
they're going to call with pocket pairs
they're going to call with second pair
they're going to call with flush drawers
they're going to call with straight
drawers they might call with some of
their best asex right we can start to
remove some of the hands that completely
whiff this flop that just aren't going
to call even a small bet because on the
flop we always ask the question what's
the bigger size they call with their
weak stuff and raise their strong stuff
we are able to start removing hands like
pocket eights to a high frequency pocket
10s pocket fives maybe even hands like
Ace 10 hands like pocket Jacks hands
like pocket Queens maybe a few of their
combo draws hands like Queen Jack of
Hearts maybe hands like 76 of hearts
that are likely going to be raised right
now so we're looking at a range that is
capped that has a lot of top pair has
some of their best ax a lot flush
drawers straight drawers pocket pairs
middle pair pretty wide but it is also
capped because we've removed a lot of
the very strong stuff the 108 the hands
like pocket 10s hands like pocket eights
hands like pocket fivs okay so for tip
number one ranging your opponent we
found as much more helpful to just start
subtracting hands from your range and
you see we took this hand all the way
from pre- flap before the action even
started to after they opened after we
three bet after we see bet the Flop and
as you go through the hand you can just
start eliminating more and more hand
hands from your opponent's range with
each action if you guys are enjoying GTH
and forced to be on camera please hit
that subscribe button hit the thumbs up
and we will get him back very soon thank
you guys have a gentle day all right kin
Tip 2 Talk it out
as we move on to the turn here in this
hand can you give us tip number two tip
number two is talk it out right practice
speaking your thought process because if
you're not able to articulate it in a
minute are you really able to think it
in 10 15 seconds speaking it forces you
to have organization it forces you to
assess whether what you're actually
saying is helpful because if you're
talking about range advantage or nut
advantage and you're playing against a
player who can't spell either of those
things that might not be the most
important piece of information at that
time versus that play So we see bet on
the Flop they call we're going to a turn
which is the innocuous two of spades now
they check to us Gan walk us through
your thought process here on this turn
well I would say we have a can play for
Stack's hand versus a recreational
player uh at about spr what about 4 4.4
something like that 4.5 on this board
which is pretty wet and dynamic we think
we probably facing a range that looks
something like top pair pocket pairs
middle pair flush drawers straight
drawers and some of their best ASX now I
want to ask myself what portion of that
range do I want to Target with my pocket
X and I think because I have a hand that
can play for Stacks I want to be
building a big pot so I think the
portion of range that I want to Target
is going to be those in elastic top
pairs it's going to be hands like queens
and Jacks that maybe didn't for bet pre
flop and that just called our C bet and
their best flush draws and straight
draws I'm not that interested in trying
to squeeze out a small amount of extra
money against Ace Queen Ace King no
draws what's the largest size that that
portion of range that I'm targeting will
call here that will set me up with the
best kind of spr that I can where I
might be able to play for all the money
and one of the questions I like to ask
on this turn is if I pulled out my handy
dandy AK-47 and pointed it to your head
and you were bluffing here on this turn
and you had to get a hand like Jack 10
or queen 10 suited to fold what size
would you bet on this turn you have to
get Queen 10 suited to fold and by the
way for every $50 you go too big you get
one finger chopped off so you do have to
be efficient so what size might you go
on this turn to guarantee that fold from
Jack 10 suited I think on a board like
this where pre flop they love to put us
on Ace King well this board didn't hit
Ace King a lot of players like to play
Fifth Street chicken they're going to
call bigger bets than we often think I
think the difference between me and Mark
so often is I tend to use slightly
smaller sizes he tends to use slightly
bigger sizes practicing our calibration
if I had a gun to my head here to make
something like Jack tfold I'm thinking
at least 350 I'm thinking probably 350
to 400 if I want to make sure that I
don't end up with a bullet in my head
now you can distance the forest from the
trees and because you go 350 to 400 to
get Jack Jack 10 to fold on this turn so
that means I feel pretty confident that
Jack 10 would call here on this turn if
we go 275 or 300 exactly and now I can
ask myself well maybe I can also capture
some value from hands like pocket NES
maybe 8X right maybe I can find a size
that is close to that threshold for a
hand like Jack 10 but also captures
value from some sticky unbelieving hands
like 89 pocket NES stuff like that so
maybe I would settle on a number
somewhere between say 250 and 300 if we
in a single race pot I would absolutely
be over betting this turn because
players are much more sensitive to the
absolute size of the BET than they are
to the relative size of the pot so what
matters a lot more we're in a three bet
pot and the BET's going to be 275 or
something like that which is a big bet
for a 25 game then it matters that if we
were in a single race pot and we just 2x
pot the turn and the 2x pot size bet was
$100 right big bet is all relative right
big is just a concept what that actually
is is going to be dependent on the
player the board our image so many other
factors that we want to be thinking to
help us with our calibration in game and
maybe to add one more piece of nuance
when we have pocket eights well they
have more 10x we are able to Target a
portion of their range that is likely to
call slightly bigger bets and we are
super deep if we're trying to set up a
potential spr on the River where we can
play for all the money this might be a
situation where if I have specifically
pocket eights I'm looking to push the
sizes a little bit more because I think
good flush drawers are still in elastic
I think 10x is pretty in elastic all
right kth I'm going to throw a curveball
at you here let's say we're in this same
spot right we're in the same hand but we
actually have Queen jack of diamonds
here on the turn now can you walk us
through your thought process when we
have a bluff here on the turn instead of
having a value hint and I think the
beauty of having a solid repeatable
thought process is just because we
switch from having pocket eights to
having Queen High doesn't mean
everything needs to change we don't need
to suddenly be Reinventing the wheel we
can still ask ourselves a lot of the
same questions their range Remains the
Same what we're targeting might still
remain the same instead what I would add
in here when I'm bluffing is what is the
largest size where they still call with
that weak stuff I want to make sure I
get them to the river with a wide range
because at 300 big blindes I'm not sure
this player is putting all the money in
with Ace 10 so if I can get them to put
in a bed on the Flop a bed on the turn
and then fold in a big pot on the river
well that's just the best Bluff that I
can find right that is the bluff that is
printing because I have had them put in
a $6 bet on the Flop 250 on the turn and
because the here is deep because we
started this hand almost 300 big blinds
effective I'm still going to have that
big chunky scary overb left on the river
and one more thing I want to add on this
turn just to kind of elaborate on your
points here we want a hand like Jack 10
or queen 10 to call on this turn right
because we don't think those hands are
going to play for all the money on the
river so practice that delayed
gratification our value and our Bluffs
kind of want to accomplish the same goal
here on the turn to get hands like Jack
10 and queen 10 to call on the turn to
get their straight draws to call to get
their flesh draws to call and then when
we have value on the river well we just
take the action that gets those hands to
call again and when we have a bluff on
the river like Queen Jack here we just
take whatever action to try to get those
hands to fold most players probably are
not going to hang on with a hand like
Jack 10 suited for three streets at 300
plus big blinds here and if you're
against a player who's like wow this
player is so so sticky I don't think
they're ever folding Jack 10 on the
river well you know exactly what to do
when you have pocket eights right one of
those two things has to be true right
they're either not folding 10x or they
are folding 10x and we have exploits
versus both if we don't ask the
questions if we don't practice our
thought process if we don't articulate
it out loud it is so easy not to see
Tip 3 Add time pressure
that contradiction okay so tip number
two has been saying your thought process
out loud we walked through that GTH give
us tip number three tip number three add
time pressure two often I'm guilty of
this most of my study was slow I dive
into solvers I'd spend 4 5 minutes to
reviewing a hand now if you go do that
at the casino you get punched in the
face you're going to have 5 Seconds 10
seconds maybe 15 seconds on early
streets and if you're really pushing it
30 seconds on the river when you add
time pressure you find out what actually
matters because if you have 5 minutes
you can think of everything when you
have 5 Seconds you have to prioritize
all right so the innocuous three of
diamonds on the river we are going to
put gin on the clock here gethin we're
putting you on the spot you've got 30
seconds to walk us through your thoughts
and your final action on this River
Ready Set Go opponent's range 10x pocket
Jacks pocket Queens M drawers and
probably some pocket pairs what portion
of that am I targeting 10x queens and
Jacks what would I do with the inverse
if I was trying to make Ace 10 fold what
size would I pick I think I'd be jamming
here I think we're deep enough to make a
hand like that fold so I'm going to use
a smaller size somewhere around pot all
right so we going to go somewhere just a
little under pot here on this River say
600 bucks and we are going to try to get
the call with pocket eights all right so
I think a mistake a lot of people make
is they're just like well we practic his
hand we we did it let's jump to the next
hand and I think you can reuse his hand
all you have to do here change the river
and walk through that thought process
again so now on this River instead of a
blank we are going to put an ace on this
River and we're going to put gin on the
spot again gin you've got 30 seconds now
on the ace of diamonds River Ready set
go what is their range well it's still
10x Jack Queens but now it's also acex
of hearts and obviously some Mis flush
draws what portion of that am I
targeting with my eights well I'd have
to use a pretty small size I think to
Target 10x so I think I might be
targeting two pairs like Ace 10 Ace 5
ace deuce of Hearts as well as acex of
Hearts what would I bet to make those
fold probably couldn't might be jamming
here with pocket a so we are going to
jam with pocket eight all right GTH now
let's say the river is still in Ace but
now we have Queen jack of diamonds that
gets here so we have a busted gutshot
that gets here to the River Walk us
through your thought process 30 seconds
once again on the clock Ready set go
what is that range well it's still some
two pairs which I would call brick walls
some 10x some Mist draws and also some
acex of Hearts what portion of that
range am I targeting well I think I can
obviously make hearts fold I think I can
make 10x fold what would I bet to get
called by 10x on an ace River probably
pretty small somewhere around maybe 200
250 what would be my bluff size a little
bit more maybe 300 350 here so you are
trying to get hands like Jack 10 Queen
10 King 10 to fold on this River so when
you bet the 300 to 350 here not only do
you get the King 10 Queen 10 Jack 10 to
fold which has been downgraded on this
River but you also get those King High
flush draws to fold or maybe the 5x of
Hearts fles draws to fold that you lose
to as well so we are going to go 350 on
this River with the queen jack of
diamonds as you can see on these Rivers
it's not like we're just always going
huge with our Bluffs or we're just
always going huge with our value it
always depends upon what is their range
and what are we trying to accomplish GTH
was able to walk you through very
clearly how he's able to do that in 30s
seconds on this River and we change the
river we can change our cards we can
even change things like hey now we're
playing against a rag now we're playing
against a tilted whale Etc you can take
one hand and practice it in 50 different
Tip 4 Fix common mistakes
ways all right kth we've gone through
the first three tips can you give us tip
number four tip number four fixing our
common mistakes and what are those
common mistakes that you see time and
time again and how do you fix them
common mistake number one action before
thoughts too many people pick the action
and then have thoughts about why to do
it that means they disregard information
that maybe is counter to it and they
don't have a repeatable thought process
that leads them to the best play they
start with a play and hope that the
thoughts justify it afterwards common
mistake number two not asking the right
questions in hands so what would be some
of the right questions to ask well the
best thought process would be one
question which is what is the highest EV
play here let's face it that's not
always the easiest one to be able to
answer right away so we have to ask
ourselves some questions like what is
their range what port of that range are
we targeting what types of mistakes is
this opponent making and how do I
exploit those mistakes most effectively
and notice that g said nothing there
about range Advantage nut Advantage
minimum defense frequency or any other
fancy poker words jargon you don't need
to use that stuff when you are playing
live against Big Jeremy in seed 8 clear
easy to follow strategies that are built
on the mistakes our opponent is making
we don't get to set what a good play is
they're bad Place allow us to take
advantage of those by making exploits
their strategy informs our strategy
common mistake number three forgetting
to ask the inverse question on the river
if I have a value hand what size would I
bet with a bluff and if I have a bluff
what size would I be picking here with
my value and why is that so important
too often we end up not catching our
lack of coherence right we say hey I
don't want him to fold so I'm going to
bet half pop and then we get to that
same spot and we have a bluff and we go
he's he's not going to fold I have 2X
pop back but I'm just going to give up
something is broken there if we force
ourselves to ask what size would I
actually bet here to make them fold when
I have a value hand we are going to get
much closer to finding that sweet spot
when it comes to picking a value size
that actually captures the max Eevee
common mistake number four not bucketing
our opponent's range when you have 30
seconds you don't have time to say well
they have Ace 10 King 10 well they could
have 97 of Parts you need to use big
buckets top pet middle pair flush
drawers straight drawers because if you
get too granular too quickly you're
going to run out of time you're going to
get flustered and you're going to miss
the forest through the trees all right
guys hopefully these four tips actually
lead to making your studying time useful
and level up your win rate thank you gin
for being here we will see you guys soon
have a gentle day