picture this your opponent raises you
look down at a big hand and you three
bet and your opponent calls now you
completely whip the Flop and you're out
of position what do you do I'm going to
give you the framework I use for this
spot a strategy so simple you won't
believe how effective it is and how
easily it exploits the Tendencies of the
players you play against every day let's
talk about playing three bet pots out of
position but first before we jump into
the nitty-gritty details of the strategy
I want to look at an example let's say
we're playing 25 the button opens we
look down at a very strong hand in the
small blind in wi3 bet now the button
calls flop comes Ace Queen 4 with a
couple of Spades should we be betting
our entire range checking our entire
range or playing some type of mixed
strategy let's say we decide to see BET
our entire range small here on this
board I'm going to pull up the handy
dandy solver real quick if we decide to
se BET our entire range here's how our
opponent is supposed to play you see
they're supposed to have raises with Ace
Queen here supposed to be raising top
two pair this makes a lot of sense
they're supposed to be raising pocket
fours at a high frequency this makes a
lot of sense and they're supposed to
generally be doing a lot of calling
there's a bunch of things here that I
think probably don't happen in real life
like finding some raises with pocket 3es
pocket Deuces pocket fives Etc but
overall this seems like a pretty
reasonable strategy that is not that far
away from how most people play when you
see that okay so let's say we're in the
same spot button opens we three bet a
strong hand in the small blind flop
comes Ace Queen forward with a flush
draw and we decide hey maybe we should
check our entire range here how is our
opponent supposed to play when we check
our entire range as you see here our
opponent is supposed to be checking back
nearly 85% of the time even a hand as
strong as Ace Queen suited here is
supposed to be checked somewhere around
30% of the time Ace Queen off checks
somewhere around 35 to 40% of the time
and Ace King from our opponent is
supposed to be checked back somewhere
around 90 to
97% of the time and pretty much all the
other asex including phase four for top
and bottom pair is supposed to be
checked almost pure here from our
opponents you'll also notice that our
opponent is only supposed to be using
this big size when they do bet here and
the small size is almost never used in
equilibrium I would argue that this is
extremely far from how opponents play
when you check to them on this board I
would say the acex just gets stabbed a
lot more ace4 gets bet almost always Ace
Queen gets bet almost always Ace King
gets bet almost always and the ace X
probably just gets bet more than half
the time with a flush draw out there
when we check to our opponents as the
pre- flap Razer and a three bet pot I
would argue that our opponents make way
more mistakes versus a check then versus
a b here are the three biggest mistakes
our opponents make when we check to them
number one they over stab number two
they Telegraph their hand strength with
their sizing and number three they do
not protect their checkback range let me
show you how easy this strategy is to
play and how it takes advantage of our
opponent's massive mistakes that they
make when we check to them all right so
our opponent opens on the button we
three bet in the small blind with pocket
NES our opponent calls flop comes Jack n
Deuce what do you know we are going to
check our entire range now let's talk
about how to play when our opponent
stabs on the flop for a small size we
are going to be doing a lot of raising
our compl for Stacks hands like pocket
nines or pocket Deuces of course are
going to be raising here our thick value
hands like pocket kings pocket aces Ace
Jack are also going to be raising here
our draws so any draw without Showdown
value maybe a king High flesh draw maybe
a queen High straight draw all of those
hands will be raising as well I may just
call with some of our draws that do have
Showdown value here because when they
stab small they are just putting too
many of their weak and marginal hands in
the small size so if I did have a hand
like Ace King of Spades here I may just
be calling sometimes because our hand
does have some Showdown value when they
take this small size against hands like
Queen 10 suited or king queen or 108
suited so when they stab small they're
just going to have a lot more marginal
and weak hands in this size particularly
when the board is wet and dynamic when
they have strong hands on a wet Dynamic
board where the nuts can change with a
lot of turn cards they generally put way
too many of their strong hands in a big
size and way too many of their weak or
marginal hands in a small size so I'm
going to be doing a lot of raising when
they choose a small size I would be
calling here with more of my thin value
hands Jack 10 suited Queen Jack suited
King Jack suited maybe a hand like
pocket 10 all of those hands would go
into the call bucket for me here also if
I had a hand with some Showdown value
here I would be calling as well maybe a
hand like pocket a or 89 suited or even
a hand like Ace King or Ace Queen here I
do think we have Showdown value against
the portion of their range that stabs
very small and then the only hands I
would be folding here would be my
complete air maybe a hand like 76 of
diamonds or ace four of Hearts all right
so here is an overview of how we play
against a small stab once again we raise
our compay for Stacks our thick value
our combo draws our high Equity draws
and our low Equity draws we are calling
with our thin value and our Showdown
value and we are only folding our air
now you may be asking what size do we
check raise to here and if they do have
a weaker range here shouldn't we be
check raising small and my answer to
that is probably not because if they do
have a hand like pocket eights or
something like that here that is just
monkey stabbing they are going to fold
no matter what size we check rais to if
we just breathe on this pot they're
going to fold pocket eights just because
they stab small doesn't mean they don't
have any strong hands it just means that
they put more strong hands in the big
size than they do the small size here I
would still be check raising relatively
large here targeting their hands that
are going to be in elastic their Ace
High flush draws their open and straight
draws their Jack X they do have some
strong hands here when they go with the
small size just not a lot and I would be
targeting that small portion of the
range that's just going to have a very
hard time folding even if we check raise
large here when the board is
particularly wet and dynamic from out of
position I generally prefer to play a
two Street game so I like check raising
to a size that allows us to get an spr
of less than one on the turn you see
here if we check race to a size of 300
and our opponent calls hot is going to
be about 785 and we're going to have 610
left on the turn and then on most turns
we can just put the money in and play a
two Street game which kind of negates
our positional disadvantage now if the
board was super static and dry like an
A7 Deuce board or something like that I
may check Ray smaller here trying to
play a three Street game instead of a
two Street game because on static dry
boards we're not nearly as worried about
bad turn and River cards coming in and
we're not nearly as worried about
maximizing value against their big draws
on the turn so on a very static dry
board I may just take a slightly smaller
check race size all right guys real
quick we are doing one last boot camp in
September and bad news it's sold out
there's a bunch of you who still wanted
a seat so here's what we're doing we are
opening a second group for September 10
people Max the first one sold out in 4
days the second one will sell out we
only have capacity for two groups we are
not opening a third group so if you've
ever wanted to do a Hungry Horse poker
boot camp September is your last chance
sign up today thank you guys we will see
you there all right so next example this
time we're going to three bet the same
hand same flop we are going to check it
over and now they stab big when they
stab large on the Flop I'm going to be
much more picky about the hands they
check raise because when they use this
large size they just have way too many
strong hands in their range so therefore
I'm only going to use my strongest hands
to check raise here if I do have a
complay for Stacks hand like pocket
nines pocket Jacks pocket Deuces those
hands would all get check raised also if
I have a big combo draw Queen 10 of
Spades or ace deuce of Spades or King
Queen of Spades those hands may get
check raised as well because while I
don't expect us to have a whole lot of
fold Equity when they take this big stab
size on the flap the more equity in our
hand we have the less fold Equity we
need because when we have a big combo
draw we are most likely going to have a
ton of equity against any maid hand they
have so even if we have just a tiny
shred a fold Equity that's really all we
need to play these combo draws very very
aggressively if I just had a high Equity
draw here like Ace Queen of Spades or
ace5 of Spades I would be doing a lot of
calling because I do not expect us to
have much fold Equity again when they
take this big size and we're just not
pushing as much Equity with our hand as
a combo draw I'd also be calling with
our thick value hands Ace Jack pocket
Queens pocket kings those hands would go
into our call bucket here instead of our
raise bucket our thin value hands like
ace9 suited or Jack 10 suited those
would also go into our call buckets but
we're going to be doing a lot more
folding here if I had a low Equity draw
here like king queen of hearts I would
just be folding that hand if I had a
showdown value hand like pocket eight or
Ace King here I would be folding those
hands as well so here is an overview
when they stab big here going to be
raising off our complay for Stacks hands
and our combo draws going to be calling
with our thick value our thin value and
our high Equity draws and going to be
folding our low Equity our Showdown
value and our air the more wet and
dynamic the board is the more we can
read into sizing tells if the board is
A7 Deuce well they could still stab
small quite a lot of the time with their
sets or two pair if the board is Jack n
Deuce with a flush draw in general most
Live players are going to size up with
their very strong but vulnerable hands
sets two pair top pair over pairs Etc
because they are terrified of a bad card
coming in so if you want to pull on that
thread two helpful things we can take
away from this number one when they stab
small on these wet and dynamic boards we
can just be check raising a ton with
impunity just knowing that in general
they'd probably size up with their
stronger hands and also on a super
static and dry board like A7 Deuce when
they stab small we can't really take
nearly as much away from that and we
should be probably a little bit careful
about check raising a ton because they
can still have some very strong hands
when they choose a small size there are
two spots I would be making deviations
here number one if our opponent is a
passive Patty if they are just going to
check back some of the time with top
hair or big draws or stuff like that I
would just be much more inclined to come
out and bet myself when I have hands
that don't really benefit from a check
raise now if we have a hand that really
benefits from check raising here even if
our opponent is passive I may still be
checking quite a lot with my draws with
my thin value with my air and even with
some of my compl play for Stacks hands
like pocket nines here I would want to
be doing a lot of checking because this
hand really benefits from check raising
and trying to Pile in the money for two
streets so even if our opponent is more
on the passive side they're still
probably going to stab a good amount on
this board the hands I would be
deviating the most with would just be
top pair or over pair hands those hands
against a more passive opponent I would
be more inclined to just take a bet bet
bet line because if our opponent is not
massively over stabbing these hands just
don't really benefit from a check raise
nearly as much because because when our
opponent does bet they're just going to
have a stronger range and a hand like
pocket queens or Ace Jack or something
like that doesn't necessarily feel
comfortable check raising against an
opponent that isn't massively over
stabbing exception number two if our
opponent is particularly shallow you see
in this hand our opponent is only 410
effective on the Flop I would not be
checking my entire range because one of
the big advantages of checking our
entire range is it kind of negates our
positional disadvantage and we can put
in a ton of check raises here if our
opponent is super shallow we don't
really have as many benefit to check
raising and I would just be doing a lot
more betting myself if I had it can play
for Stacks hand here now this hand
doesn't really benefit from check
raising a whole lot like pocket 9
because this hand can just get the money
in over two streets by just going bet
bet itself if I have an over pair or a
Jack X Type hand again same thing I can
just go bet bet myself and get the money
in over two streets now with my air with
some of my draws I might just be
checking here sometimes because when our
opponent does check back on a board like
this that just gives us the green light
to Bluff very very profitable across
turns and rivers which is still really
really nice when we have a draw here but
with a lot of my value hands when our
opponent is shallow I would just be
coming out edding myself so now I want
to talk about the most common place
you're going to be playing out of when
you play this check range strategy a lot
of the time even when our opponent's
over stab the flap is going to go check
check so let's talk about how to play
turns when our opponent checks back the
flap all right so we see here we check
it over to them they check it back we go
to a turn almost my entire range here on
the turn is going to want to be betting
large you may be asking why well what is
their range that is the important
question I want to put their range here
into buckets my advice don't start
zoomed in here like oh their range is
pocket eight and Ace Queen of Heart no
start off by putting their range in
buckets and most of their range is going
to be either Showdown value or air now
the air portion of their range the
completely whiff that didn't stab the
Flop is going to fold if we breathe on
this pot so just throw that out the
window let's focus on The Showdown value
portion of the range if they did have a
hand like ace9 suited or pocket 10 or
pocket eights here they checked back the
Flop to call one streak they're going to
call on the turn whether you bet tiny or
you bet huge so we may as well bet huge
both our can for Stacks hands like
pocket NES our thick value hands like
Ace Jack or pocket Queens our high
Equity draws our low Equity draws
everything except Showdown value here
pretty much wants to bet large on the
turn because they're going to be doing a
lot of calling on the turn when we
choose this big size so if we do have a
bluff here like Queen 10 of clubs well
we probably want to go large on the turn
to entice him to call one time with a
hand like 9x and now on the river we can
lay down that big boy overb Bluff hammer
and get them to fold that hand almost
all the time with our hands like pocket
NES again we want to go big on the turn
to get them the call with a hand like
pocket T now we can size down on the
river to really sculpt the sizing where
they are enticed to put in a call with
some of their Showdown value like pocket
TS or pocket eights so both our value
and our Bluffs have the same goal on the
turn get them to put in as much money
with a showdown value portion of the
range as possible and our value wants to
size down to get them to call on the
river and our Bluffs want to size up to
get them to fold on the river because so
much of their Showdown value is going to
be having a very very hard time hanging
on on these super super wet Dynamic
boards like Jack n dece this is how I'm
going to play on turns I'm mostly just
going to be betting big with my entire
range here because I think they are so
so capped when they check back the Flop
this is an extreme example because the
board is super super wet in Dynamic so
when they check back this flop I think
they are just going to be very very
capped because they over stab these wet
Dynamic boards the most if the board is
a little bit more static if the board is
a little bit more dry say the board is
ace9 Deuce this is how I may play on
turns here now I will be a little more
Equity driven I'm going to go large with
my compay for Stacks hands my thick
value and my high Equity draws I'm going
to go small with my thin value my low
equity and my air and I'm going to be
checking my Showdown value now you may
be wondering when we check raise the
flap how do we play the turn or when we
check call on the flap how do we play
turns and rivers it's too much to get
into in this one single video but if you
want all the sauce we have all the
defaults built out for every single line
for playing three bet pots out of
position not to mention playing single
race pots out of position single race
pots in position three bet pots in
position Etc if you want all the sauce
consider joining us check out hungry
horsep poker.com put in your email sign
up for the wait list we are rolling out
a brand new subscription service with
live coaching every day coming this fall
so sign up spots are limited be one of
the first ones to know if you want all
of the sauce