I want to talk to you about something
you should stop doing if you want your
win rate to grow immediately and this is
not just a mistake recreational players
are making I think this is one of the
biggest leaks in most cash game poker
Pros games I'm going to show you what to
stop doing I'm going to show you how to
fix it and I'm going to show you why
this mistake is costing you so much
money for context my name is Maron I've
made over seven figures playing cash
games and I make these videos to help
you climb past low stakes so hopefully
one day you can join us at Hungry Horse
poker where we can help you crush mid to
high stakes and Beyond all right all
right all right so what is the mistake
if your most common bet size is
somewhere between 1 half pot to pot you
are most likely lighting money on fire I
would say over 80% of the time in live
poker the most profitable size is either
going to be very large or very small yet
the most common size I see used is
somewhere in between I'm going to show
you why this should mostly be eliminated
from your game and then I'll show you
two exceptions where the medium bet size
can be used sparingly we'll start with
the Flop let's jump all right so we are
playing 25 with all the bulbas boys
villain in the cut off opens to 20 we
are on the button with pocket 9es we are
going to three bet to 70 as you know my
MO is to mostly just play three bet or
fold specifically when recreational
players open I want to isolate play a
pot heads up in position so we three bet
here we are going to get heads up in
position and we go to a flop Jack n
Deuce what do you know and when it
checks over to us here here's why I
don't want a c bet using that medium
size I want to choose a size here on the
flap that is going to entice our
opponents to both raise off their strong
stuff and still call with their weak
stuff if we go small here our opponent
is probably going to float one time with
a hand like pocket eights with a spade
or pocket sixes with a spade and also if
our opponent does wake up with a very
strong hand here like Jack nine of
hearts or pocket Deuces and we bet small
they're going to put in more money for
us so it's just like if we bet large if
we choose that inet size here well now
they may start just flatting with some
of their strong hands and they may start
folding some of their weak hands and if
we go large here sure we get that big
bet from Jack n or pocket Deuces but
then they're just always going to fold
hands that we have essentially drawing
dead so as you can see here by going
small and forcing them to raise off
their strong stuff and call with their
weak stuff we get the most value from
their entire range here which is why
choosing that pretty small size on the
Flop is going to be very very good I
would go somewhere between 30% to 40%
pot to get that desired result all right
one more example here this time we open
on the button and the villain is going
to call villain checks it over to us and
in the last example I said you know I
want to choose a size where they raise
off their strong stuff and call with
their weak stuff on this flop that may
not be possible right because even if we
choose a small size here well if our
opponent has a hand like Ace du suited
or pocket Deuces the board is so static
and so dry that they may just call with
their strong stuff even if we choose a
small size also if we choose a small
size here well is our opponent really
calling with a hand like pocket sixes or
pocket fours on an ace high board with
no draws probably not because what hand
do your opponents put you on when you
open and then you see back they put you
on a lot of acex and opponents in
general are going to float way way way
way less on these Ace High boards with
marginal hands than they will on a jack
High board by betting small here we do
not entice our opponent to raise off
their strong stuff and call with their
weak stuff so the small size is no good
the medium size is also not great here
for the same reason the small size is
not great but what about large well what
happens if we go very very large on this
board well if our opponent does have an
ace they're not folding even if we overb
here they're not folding to one bet so
on this type of board where the board is
very very very static and the board is
very very dry I may integrate an overb
or check strategy and use that very very
large size so our opponent checks over
to us I am going 1.5x pot or check back
on this board and with middle set I
would want to choose that big big overb
size targeting acex that just isn't
folding for any size here all right so
we talked about the flap when we want to
use small sizes when we want to use very
big sizes let's jump into turns now and
in this hand we're going to open up the
button with seven six of diamonds and
the villain is going to call in the
blind flop comes Jack n deuce and they
are going to check it over to us once
again we're going to choose this small
size on the Flop where they raise off
their strong stuff and call with their
weak stuff and again in single rais pots
it's more about the absolute size of the
BET than the relative size now you
notice in a three bet pot I use the 1/3
pot siiz bet in a single race pot I feel
like you can get away with going just a
little bit bigger and right here $20
would still be classified as a small
small bet for the game so we're going to
go $20 force them to raise off their
strong stuff call with their weak stuff
our opponent is going to call we're
going to go to a turn which is a blank
is our opponent capped I simply mean
does our opponent have very strong hands
here on the turn and let me answer for
you no they don't remember when we
choose a small size on the flap our
opponent's going to raise off hands like
Jack nine of hearts or pocket Deuces or
pocket n getting to this turn the best
hand they can have is a hand like Ace
Jack when they get to the turn and they
are capped I generally like to choose a
very very large size why because if we
choose a small size they're not going to
be putting in more money for for us
regardless on this turn I like to choose
a very very large size with both our
Bluffs like s six of diamonds and with
our value like hands like pocket NES you
may be wondering well why do you want to
choose this large size if our opponent
has a hand like Ace Jack they are not
folding if our opponent has a hand like
ace5 of Spades they are not folding and
a lot of these hands that are going to
call a very big bet on the turn are
going to be put in a quandry on the
river if we have seven six of diamonds
here we can get a lot of hands like Ace
three of SP
or queen Jack that are going to call on
the turn and then we put in the big boy
overb on the river and we get those
hands to fold so we get more value on
the turn by putting in this big bet with
our Bluffs because then we get a lot of
their range to fold on the river we want
to Pile in as much money as possible and
then our Bluffs want to get them to fold
on the river obviously our value wants
to get them to call on the river so on
the turn when our opponent is capped I
would be choosing a very very large
overb size all right guys real quick we
are doing one last boot camp in
September and and bad news it's sold out
there's a bunch of you who still wanted
a seat so here's what we're doing we are
opening a second group for September 10
people Max the first one sold out in 4
days the second one will sell out we
only have capacity for two groups we are
not opening a third group so if you've
ever wanted to do a Hungry Horse poker
boot camp September is your last chance
sign up today thank you guys we will see
you there all right so we walked through
a turn scenario where our opponents are
capped but what about when they are not
capped so let me show you we open it up
on the button with six of Spades here
our opponent calls in the big blind Jack
n Deuce what do you know they check it
over we choose a small size on the flap
they're going to raise out their strong
stuff call it their weak stuff they call
now the turn is a four of spades on this
turn I would ask is our opponent capped
and the answer here is no because our
opponent on this turn can have quite a
lot of flushes well if we choose the
large size here of course our opponent's
going to call or maybe even raise with
their flushes but they're going to fold
almost everything else why because our
opponent doesn't have two pair or sets
that are going to be doing a lot of
calling on this turn those hands would
mostly raise off on the Flop even if our
opponent has a hand like Queen Jack here
if that hand doesn't have a spade well
that hand is probably folding here on
the turn if we bet large even if they do
have a spade that hand May fold if we
bet large same with King Jack same with
Ace Jack same with their open and
straight draws a lot of these hands if
we Pile in money on this turn are just
going to be folding same thing if we
choose the medium size here doesn't
accomplish them raising off their strong
stuff like the small size does and
doesn't maximize value like the big size
does so this is why the medium size is
usually really really poor if we go
small here well our opponent's going to
continue with a bunch of hands that we
have drawing dead Queen 10 of clubs or
queen Jack with the Queen of Spades and
our opponent is also going to raise and
put in more money for us when we have
them cooled here on this turn so if our
opponent does have a hand like queen8 of
Spades or something like that when we go
small on this turn they are going to be
incentivized to put in more money for us
so by going small on this turn when our
opponent is not capped they once again
are going to raise off their strong
stuff and call with their weak stuff
which is why the small size on the turn
when our opponent is not capped is so so
good let's say on this turn that we do
decide to bet small and our opponent
check calls once again let's say we get
to this River with seven six of diamonds
right let's say we bet small on the Flop
we bet small on the turn to force our
opponents to raise off their strong
stuff raise off their flushes and now we
get to this River we have seven six of
diamonds well what is the best hand our
opponent can have probably a hand like
Ace Jack or King Jack right and when the
flush comes in do we really think our
opponent is hanging on with a hand like
King Jack here if we lay down the big
boy Hammer no and the reason we can get
away with laying down this big boy overb
Bluff on the river is because our
opponent remember would raise off a lot
of their strong stuff on the Flop they
would raise off pocket nines Jack n
pocket doces so they don't have those
hands and because we went small on the
turn when the flesh came in well our
opponent would raise off a lot of their
flushes as well so when we get here with
a bluff this is a very very very good
place to go with that huge size here
maybe bet 300 $350 to get our opponent
to fold Ace Jack King Jack Queen Jack
one of my favorite lines in poker to
Bluff is when our opponents check call
when the flush comes in on the turn and
we bet small well that just means they
are ripe for bluffing on the river now
if we do get here with a hand like A6 of
Spades because our Bluff wants to go so
big you may be thinking well shouldn't
we be balanced here no there's no reason
to be balanced against people who can't
even spell balanced and if the best hand
our opponent has getting to this river
is a like Ace Jack and we have Ace six
of Spades well we want Ace Jack to call
so this may be a time to use a much
smaller sizing on this River and you may
be thinking well Mark isn't a smaller
size like a medium size shouldn't we be
going like half pot here or 2/3 pot or
something like that no probably not if
our opponent has Ace Jack and we have a
bluff we're probably going like 2xp or
$300 here on this River to get Ace Jack
to fold which means to me we can
probably get even just a tad bit greeder
with A6 of spad I think going $60 or $70
it's just leaving a bunch of value on
the table I would probably go somewhere
near pot maybe 120 130 if our opponent's
a little sticky maybe even 150 we're
inching towards that medium size but
again we see that the big size on this
river is going to be used with our Bluff
so we want to size down a little bit
with our value so in that last hand we
were going very very big with our Bluffs
and relatively small with our value on
the river and by small I mean pot so let
me show you an example where the inverse
is true where we may want to go very
very big with our value and very very
small with our Bluffs villain is going
to open from the cut off we're going to
three bet on the button with pocket
kings and he is going to call we go to a
flop 94 Deuce again in three B pots we
want to choose a size where they raise
off the strong stuff call with the weak
stuff so usually going to be very small
we go small here on the Flop our
opponent calls we go to a turn which is
a king and now when our opponent checks
over again this would be a spot here
where I would probably choose a smaller
size what is most of our opponent's
range here after calling on the Flop
it's going to be some wheel draws five
six suited some 9x pocket 10s pocket
Jacks pocket Queens hands like that so
if we start blasting on this turn a lot
of that range is just going to fold so
on this turn once again I would go
relatively small and again this entices
our opponent if they did trap with a
hand like pocket 9ines or pocket fours
or something like that on the flap we
give them another chance to raise off
here and our opponent is going to call
we're going to the river which is an Ace
and now opponent checks over to us our
opponent can have quite a few strong
hands here Ace 9 suited they could have
Ace King here that would theoretically
play this way since our opponent can
have a ton of two PA getting to the
river and our opponent's probably going
to fold and like 109 suited or pocket
jacks or pocket Queens if we even
breathe on this pot this seems like a
pretty good situation to just Target
their two pair here when we have a set
of Kings because the two pair is
probably never folding to the huge size
if we use the medium size on this river
that would be a disaster in this
situation with our value we would want
to go very very big 2x pot all in so
let's say we got to this River with a
hand like 56 suited right we had a gut
shot we bricked and we didn't get there
what size should we bet on this River
with 56 suited the medium size doesn't
accomplish all that much here because if
we choose the medium size well the two
pair are snapping us off the A5 suited
is snapping us off and the pocket 10s
and pocket Jacks would fold to a much
smaller size we could probably just go
25% pot here 30% pot on this River get
all of those hands to fold and lose the
minimum when we are up against a hand
like two or ace5 suited I promise you
two exceptions where the medium size can
be okay so let me show you those
examples right now so this would be the
first exception when our value wants to
go huge or very very small our Bluffs
can go medium we've got 76 of diamonds
open up on the button villain calls in
the big blind going to a flop we are
going to go half pot here on the Flop
they call going to a turn our villain is
capped here on the turn so we are going
to choose the very big boy overb size
they are going to call again now the
river is an Ace and they check it over I
always like to frame it first what would
we do here with value well if we had a
hand like pocket nines here it seems
like a pretty good place to put all the
money in our opponent on this River
makes a ton of two pair Ace Jack all of
their Ace Jack combos now have two pair
ace deuce of Spades ace four of Spades
so our opponent has a ton of two pair
and I don't think two pair is folding
for any size so if we had a hand like
pocket 9es or pocket Deuces here I would
almost always Jam this River for Value
targeting our opponents to pair now with
our blood buff here this is one of the
few rare exceptions where it's pretty
good to use that medium size our goal
here should be to get hands like Queen
Jack King Jack Jack 10 to fold and if we
choose a medium size when the ace comes
on the river I think we can accomplish
that a whole hell of a lot our
opponent's not going to feel comfortable
calling a $250 $300 size BET our value
size should be very very big all in our
Bluff size on this River should be
somewhere in between somewhere in the
middle we're trying to get Queen Jack
King Jack to F in alternative value size
for us if we did get here with a hand
like Ace six of Spades that binked an
ace on the river we may just be able to
choose a very very small size on this
River trying to get looked up by Queen
Jack or King Jack maybe we would bet 100
or 125 on this River to ensure that King
Jack or queen Jack calls all right one
more example for you of when the medium
size can be okay the final exception we
open up 76 diamonds on the button once
again jack n dece half pot they call
turn is a blank we are going to choose
the big boy overb size they call again
now the river is a blank let's talk
about our size on this River if we were
going to Bluff option number one is to
choose the big boy bazooka overb bet
size and jam all in for $810 why because
our opponent just doesn't have very many
strong hands getting to this River
usually the best hand they're going to
have hand like Ace Jack King Jack Queen
Jack and if we think we can get the Jack
X to fold for over 2x pot I would just
greatly favor jamming but let's say
you're playing against Mr Sticky iy iy
you may think should I give up no an
alternative size would just be very very
small maybe quarter pot or 20 20% pot
because we can just get hands like Queen
10 or ace high flesh draws or king queen
to fold on this River we can either go
very very large or very very small with
pocket kings here a nice choice could be
somewhere in between so this would be
the second exception here when our
Bluffs want to go very large or very
small sometimes our value wants to go
medium with pocket kings I would be
targeting hands like Ace Jack King Jack
Queen Jack and I would choose the size
that those hands would call medium is
all relative because I don't think a
Jack is folding for 400 450 maybe even
$500 on this River so medium may still
be an overb but it's also a size that is
in between our Bluff sizes which are
either huge or small so this would be
the second exception when our Bluffs
want to go huge or small our value
generally wants to go medium all right
guys hopefully you enjoyed this video on
why to stop using the middling size
hopefully this skyrockets your win rate
and turns you into the biggest boy
possible thank you guys and have a
gentle day