if you're sick of spinning your wheels
at low stakes poker and you just can't
seem to consistently stick The Landing
when you try to move up we need to talk
I'm going to give you the four biggest
mistakes I see low stakes players making
these are mistakes I made personally and
these are the mistakes I see our new
students make time and time again we fix
these four things they start winning
more money right away it's that easy
let's jump in mistake number one not
exploiting hard enough we're playing a
25 game here we open it up on the button
with ace deuce of diamonds and and the
big blind is now going to three bet to
$80 in this spot some of you may be
thinking well we've got a suited Ace
we've got a pretty good hand we can see
a flop we can call and some of you may
be thinking oh you know what this kind
of looks like a pretty good 4B bet Bluff
personally I don't think either one of
those thoughts are very good and I'm
going to try to show you why so when we
open the button at 200 big blinds this
is supposed to be the big blinds three
bet range it's supposed to be pretty
pretty wide look at this they've got
some queen9 suited some jack s Suited
King 7 suited King six suited they're
supposed to be relatively polar here
with quite a few Bluffs when we open on
the button they're supposed to be three
betting nearly 133% of their hands here
from the big blind and I would argue
that this is nowhere near the range that
they are three betting I would argue
that a typical big blind three bet range
in live poker versus a button open is
going to look more like this and this
may even be generous right this is
giving them 4% of hands here right a 4%
three bet range when they're close in
the action from the big blind it is so
tempting with a lot of our middling
hands just to call we've got pocket 9's
we've got pocket eights we've got a hand
like Queen 10 suited it is just so
tempting just to call and see a flop
there's nobody behind us we need to shut
out we're just going to be heads up
we're closing the action so players in
general from the big blind are just
going to be massively massively under
three bet so I would argue that this is
a much more accurate depiction of what
their range actually looks like so we
went through and did the work for you
guys so you don't have to we went
through and solved at 200 big blind
poker when our opponent has a 4% three
bet range from the big blind what range
are we supposed to continue with and not
only did we build out the range but we
gave ourselves a moderate Edge look at
this this is our continuing range even
with an edge even at 200 big blinds even
in position it is still relatively tight
you see we're only continuing with about
133% of hands here in position and we
just don't really have any four bit
Bluffs now you see there's no Aces and
kings in here and Ace King and Ace King
suited are only their partials so this
means we're just for betting the aces
Kings pure and we're for betting the Ace
King off in the Ace King suited about
50% of the time you notice here a lot of
the acex suited just gets folded and
that's because of the composition of the
out of position players range they're
just massively under bluffing and they
just have a ton of Ace King Ace Queen
pocket aces so we're just not really
continuing with a lot of these acex
hands we are not using hands like ace2
suited or ace3 suited we're just not for
beding these hands ever I heard art
papazian say on live at the bike a
classic old school live at the bike once
he said I am am going to make a
disrespectful fold here and that's the
way I like to look at it it's not that
you are a knit because you're folding
too much it's that you are saying your
opponent is not capable your opponent is
not capable and so therefore you are
overfolded all right one more example of
not exploiting hard enough and I'm going
to show another pre-f flop example
because I'm going to show how much low
hanging fruit there is here the hijack
here 2 five game once again is going to
open to 20 and we are in the cuto off
with pocket 7 and you may be thinking H
got a pretty good hand to set mine here
we can just kind of call and see what
happens that is not what I would be
doing my Mo when recreational players
open I just want to isolate get the pot
heads up and the way to do that is to
three bet super super aggressively and
you may be thinking well against a
hijack open isn't this a little bit of a
light three bet yes it is does it matter
no it doesn't matter the problem is if
we flat here we go three four five ways
we just essentially have to play Bingo
and rely on our Equity right flap comes
King High well we're probably just
folding right and if we get it heads up
in position we have multiple ways to win
if we make a hand we win and if our
opponent misses a hand we win the only
way we lose the hand is if our opponent
makes a very strong hand so if we three
bet and get a heads up in position we're
just winning in two out of three
scenarios I'd like our odds there hijack
versus cutoff when the hijack gets three
bet the hijack is supposed to be very
very aggressive with four bets from out
of position and they're supposed to go
pretty linear here right you see the
hijack is supposed to be for betting
this Ace Queen suited Ace Jack suited
king queen suited quite a bit Jacks and
10 quite a bit 109 suited quite a bit I
would argue that these hands just almost
never get forb in low Stak poker and if
your opponents are not for betting wide
from out of position when you three bet
them that just means you get to three
bet with impunity because you're going
to get to realize they're not going to
forb bet you off your equity and they're
just going to play relatively
straightforward post flop it's just this
dance and I feel like so many people are
scared to look stupid dancing that they
just go out on the dance floor and they
just freeze they just they just don't
move move and the thing is if you don't
move well no one can ever make fun of
you right no one can ever say ah this
guy can't dance he looks like an idiot
but the thing is all you have to do is
learn a couple moves and you will be
leagues ahead of everybody else and if
you can just start exploiting making
these simple simple exploits your win
rate will absolutely Skyrocket over the
rest of the field and you will leave low
stakes behind very very quickly all
right guys real quick if your game is
leveled up because of these videos and
you want to escape low stakes poker
forever now is your chance we are
running one last boot camp in September
28 days an hour and a half of coaching
every single day we take 10 people once
10 people sign up that's it we are done
forever so if you've ever been on the
fence if you've ever wanted to do it now
is the last chance click the link in the
description below sign up for the last
Hungry Horse poker 28th day boot camp in
September I will see you guys there
mistake number two I commonly see low
stakes players making and this is this
is a big one plain Pot Limit hold them
let me explain all right let's walk
through an example here we open on the
button with 76 of Diamonds the big blind
is going to call once again 25 200 big
blinds effective flap comes Jack n Deuce
as you guys probably know if you've
watched any video on this channel before
when I am in position in a heads a pot
my MO is just to bet my entire range I
want to choose a size where they raise
off their strong [ __ ] right now and
still call with their weak [ __ ] usually
that's around one half pot our opponent
is going to call we get to the turn the
turn is a four of hearts and at this
point our opponent is capped what does
that mean since the turn is a blank if
our opponent had a hand like Jack n
suited pocket NES pocket Deuces when we
go small on this flop they're mostly
going to raise off their good hands so
getting to this turn the best hands they
usually have are hands like Ace Jack
King Jack stuff like that with both our
Bluffs and value when our opponent is
capped we generally want to go very very
big here because our Bluffs and value
have the same goal on the turn we want
them to call on the turn and then we can
diverge on the river right our value
wants them to call on the river our
Bluffs want them to fold on the river
I'm going to choose this big overb
sizing our opponent calls once again we
go to the river which is the very
innocuous three of diamonds and our
opponent checks it over all too often on
Rivers like this hear people say even in
the YouTube comments here well people
aren't folding Jack pen here or queen
Jack or King Jack and to that I say well
it's most likely because you are playing
Pot Limit hold them of course they're
not going to fold top pair here if you
go 2/3 pot or you go pot on this River
you need to pull out the big boy overb
Bluff here on this River to really
really get those folds and some people
say well you know what if I went all in
on this River I'm not sure they would
fold Queen Jack and to that I say
[ __ ] [ __ ] say we had a hand like
kings here would we ever be going all in
with kings in the spot to try to get
looked up by Queen Jack no no well why
wouldn't you go all in with Kings and
they say well I think they'll probably
fold Ace Jack if I go all in
here both of those things can't be true
right when we do get here with a hand
like seven six of diamonds well if
they're folding Jack X every time we go
all in if we're not going all in with
pocket kings we should always be going
all in with a hand like seven six of
diamond to get Jack X to fold let me
show you one more example here same
thing we overb the turn our opponent
calls and now the river is an Ace and we
get here with a hand like seven six of
diamonds in this spot I would say it is
probably not a very good spot to go all
in when we have seven High here because
our opponent is just going to show up
with strong hands like Ace Jack ace four
of Spades Ace 9 suited right our
opponent is going to show up with a ton
of two pair so in this spot if I had a
hand like 7 six of diamonds I'd be
thinking okay how much do I need to bet
here to get a hand like King Jack or
queen Jack or Jack 10 to fold I don't
think I need to pull out the big boy
overb Bluff here to get Jack X to fold
because that hand has been downgraded on
the river conversely if I had a hand
like pocket nines here or pocket Deuces
I'd be thinking it is time to get greedy
because I just don't think our opponents
in this spot are ever folding Ace Jack
or ace four of Spades in a million years
and if our opponent gets here with two
pair if they're not folding and we have
a set here well we should just be
jamming all the time here so if we have
a hand like nin's here I would just be
going all in 100% of the time the point
is not that you should be going all in
as a bluff more or you should be going
all in as value more the point is that
you should be going all in much much
much much more overall if your opponents
are calling too much you should be using
much larger overbet sizes with value if
your opponents are folding too much you
should be using much larger overbet
sizes with Bluffs the point is to
distance yourself from this mindset of
playing Pot Limit hold them and either
way the money should be going in much
much much more mistake number three I
see low St players making having
unhelpful thoughts in hands let me show
you so we only have so much bandwidth
while we're playing hand there's only so
much time we have and there's only so
many thoughts that we can consider so
the most important thing is to build a
thought process where you are asking
yourself the most important questions in
that limited amount of time so let me
show you an example the cut off opens we
three bet eight n of hearts on the
button and the cut off calls flop comes
Jack n Deuce they check it over and an
unhelpful thought to have here would be
do I have a range Advantage no who cares
how is this going to help you at low
stakes this is not the most important
thought to have particularly when 96% of
the players you're playing against have
no idea what the hell a range Advantage
even means a much more helpful thought
here to have on this flap would be what
size can I bet where our opponent will
raise off their strong stuff and still
call with their weak stuff so on this
flap it's a three bet pot the pot's a
little bigger than a single raise pot so
I'm going to choose a size maybe around
1/3 pot here where I think it
incentivizes our opponents to raise off
hands like Jacks nines Deuces and just
call with a bunch of weaker stuff like
pocket eights or pocket sevens here that
we essentially have drawing dead I go
one3 pot here and our opponent calls and
we go to the turn getting to the turn a
very unhelpful thought to have would be
what size do I bet to protect my hand no
who cares we want to be in the mindset
of how does this hand make the most
money not how do we avoid bad beats
that's fish think a more helpful
question to have on this turn is what
happens if if I bet this turn I get
called by some hands that beat me I get
called by all the Jack X I get called by
the occasional overp pair but I also get
value against draws here that seems okay
well now what happens if I check back
this turn if I check back this turn and
the river is a blank our opponent is
mostly going to come out and just Bluff
third pot or half pot whenever they have
a missed draw and so we end up getting
two streets against the draws anyway now
let's think about what happens against
his value if we check back this turn and
our opponent comes out and Bets big on
the river which opponents at low stakes
live poker are very very unbalanced
after the turn goes check check because
fear and greed Drive their decisions so
when they get to the river with a brick
draw they're usually going to bet around
half pot and when they get to the river
with pocket queens or Ace Jack or King
Jack or something like that they're
usually going to bet bigger say 2/3 pot
two pot because they get a little bit
greedy because the turn went check check
and now they need to make up for that
value so if we bet this turn overall
we'd lose another Street of value
against the hands we're behind and we
gain a street of value against their
draws if we check back this turn we lose
no additional money against the value
hands that beat us and we still get that
extra Street of value against the draws
all right so we end up checking back
this turn we go to a river and now our
opponent bets half pot unhelpful
thoughts to have on this River would be
questions like do I block their value
range what is my minimum defense
frequency who cares a much more helpful
question that it's super super simple
are they over or under bluffing and that
question sounds ridiculously simple but
we can break it down even further by
going through the Hungry Horse Bluff
catching checklist and simply asking
could they be betting worse for Value no
probably not so this couldn't really be
worse for Value did we give them rope
yes of course we gave them rope we check
back the turn which gives them kind of
the green light to Bluff the river is a
size significant for the game no
probably not this is half po this is
$125 in a 25 game kind of a small size
is our opponent capable of bluffing in
this line well I would say even at low
stakes live poker most opponents are
capable of bluffing after you check back
the turn and kind of open up that door
and give them rope simple thoughts lead
to a much much more profitable win rate
and the fourth mistake low Stak players
are making focusing on the wrong stuff
obsessing over bankroll is bankroll
important if you are playing full-time
yeah you got to keep it in mind always
you shouldn't be taking shots that
drastically increase your risk of Rune
I'll ask you know what's your win rate
over the last 2,000 hours and they'll
say well you know I'm Break Even or I'm
winning you know five bucks an hour or
10 bucks an hour or whatever well bank
roll is the last thing you should be
concerned about the number one thing you
should be concerned about is increasing
that win rate if you increase the win
rate the bank role follows right all you
need to do focus on getting better focus
on refining your thought process focus
on getting the fundamentals down focus
on increasing your win rate and the bank
roll will come another example of
focusing on the wrong stuff studying by
watching poker content or poker Vlogs
this is not the best way to stud
passively watching some Vlog passively
watching content on YouTube even
passively watching a training video this
is not the best way to work on your
thought process to increase your win
rate instead I would highly highly
recommend to be doing active study
here's what I have done here's what I
have recommended our students to do
write out your thought process on the
Flop on the turn on the river and one
hand you play can end up being a 100
hands all you have to do change the
player typ you're playing against on
paper play the hand against the fish
play the hand against a wreck play the
hand against a whale play the hand
against a rag right and see what changes
throughout the hand change the turn if
the turn was a blank make it a flushing
turn change the river if the river was a
blank make it a board pairing river
right you can take one hand and use it
in a 100 different ways to practice your
thought process first go through and
practice it untimed give yourself 30
minutes to write out all your thoughts
on every single Street and then cut that
down put yourself under the microscope
give yourself maybe 30 seconds per
Street simulate that high pressure
environment engage in active study and
this will help so so so much more if you
want to get really really really good
the study should feel harder than the
play and finally one last example of
focusing on the wrong stuff using
solvers or GTO wizard to study instead
of refining that thought process which
we talked about time and time again as
you guys have seen from some of these
videos I've developed severe carpal
tunnel over the years from the amount of
time I've spent using solvers I'm a big
big fan there is so much lwh hanging
fruit to get out of the way before you
jump into the world of solvers if you
have not moved up past low stakes if you
are not winning 10 plus big blinds an
hour there are probably so many holes
you can just instantly refine in your
thought process to level up there's just
so much lwh hanging fruit to be had
before you even jump into the complex
world of solvers all right guys
hopefully you enjoyed this video on the
four biggest mist Stakes players are
making it low stakes thank you guys for
bearing with me as I try to grit through
this with a cold I hope this video helps
level up your win rate and turn you into
the biggest boy possible thank you guys
and have a gentle day