## Intro
I'm going to walk you through how I make
reads to win the most amount of money
playing live poker we'll go through five
hands and I'll show you just how many
exploits you can make from a single
Showdown then I'll give you 10 quick
hitting reads you can use at the table
to instantaneously exploit your
opponents for context I'm Maron I've won
over seven figures playing poker and I
make these videos to help you win more
so you can climb past low stakes and
hopefully join us one day at Hungry
Horse where we can help you crush mid to
high stakes and beyond all right let's
Snap Calls
Jump Right In read number one when our
opponent snap calls the turn all right
so let's say we see this hand go down at
the table bin is going to open in the
cuto off here we're just going to fold
on the button we're not involved in this
hand villain is going to call in the big
blind flop comes Jack n Deuce what do
you know look at that sweet baby there
villain's going to check it over bin see
bets villain calls villain is going to
check over and flow on the turn bin
continues to double barrel Here and Now
villain snap calls he doesn't hesitate
he doesn't think about raising he
doesn't think about folding he just puts
in a very very quick call here on this
turn now the river is a blank and the
river goes check check and we see that
villain flips over Ace Jack here and he
is good and he Scoops the pot so what
I'm taking away from this when villains
snap call you can immediately take away
the very top of the range because if
they did have a very very strong hand
they would at least consider raising so
usually when villain snap call they have
hands that are going to be medium
strength hands like we saw on that last
hand or draws so let's say we open Queen
tenant clubs on the button here same
villain's going to call in the big blind
Jack n Deuce we are going to see bet he
is going to call now we go to a turn on
this nut changing turn we think villain
can have a lot of flushes so we are
going to continue betting small here
with both our Bluffs and our value with
our Bluffs because it's nice when
villain raises off their strong hands
right now and still continues with their
weak stuff which means we have a very
profitable range to Bluff on the river
and with our strong stuff like flush is
here we would also want to bet small
because say we have Ace Queen of Spades
here if we bet small villains going to
raise off their smaller fleshes and
they're also going to continue with a
bunch of weak [ __ ] that's drawing dead
that we can still get value from on the
river we go $30 into 82 and now villain
is going to snap call so what type of
hands are they going to have when they
snap call maybe they could have some
draws like king queen with the King of
Spades maybe they could have some top
pair like Ace Jack or King Jack all of
that is reasonable but we just know
they're not going to have a flush here
when we have a bluff here we can go very
very big to just get them to fold King
Jack or queen Jack or Ace Jack and if we
did have value if we did get to this
River with Ace Queen of Spades or
something like that we could also use
that to Advantage knowing that the best
hand our opponent has is probably going
to be a hand like Ace Jack we probably
want to go small to entice them to call
this is how to exploit opponents when
you see them snap call we are going to
go absolutely massive on this River and
we are going to get the fold read number
Check Backs
two let's say we see an opponent check
back top pair on a wet board boban this
time is going to open from the hijack
villain's going to call on the button
flop comes Jack n Deuce bin is going to
check it over and villain is going to
check back turn is a blank bin bets here
for Value the villain calls now on the
river bin again bets for Value just
figuring he's got the best hand here
with pocket 10 and villain calls on this
River and shows Ace Jack so how do we
explain opponent on who are going to
check back hands as strong as top pair
good kicker even on wet boards all right
adjustment number one let's say we open
pocket kings here same villain calls on
the button who checked back top pair top
kicker in the last hand we go to a flop
Jack n deuce and as you know my Mo out
of position is usually to check my
entire range in single race pots because
I believe opponents in general over stab
Telegraph their hand strength with their
bet sizing and do not protect their
checking range but against a player
who's going to check back top pair good
kicker even on wet boards here is the
first adjustment I would make I would
not be range checking I would just start
betting myself and putting in money much
more often specifically when I have very
good hands here like pocket kings we
just want to start putting them in the
blender right away because they're not
going to fold if we just go bet bet bet
with pocket kings here if they have a
hand like Ace Jack I would just come out
and bet pocket kings myself adjustment
number two I would still be checking
over to our opponent quite often when we
have draws or semi Bluffs here because
if our opponent checks back well we just
get to realize for free and if our
opponent bets well let's talk about that
now so we open Queen 10 in the cutoff
here opponent's going to call on the
button flop comes Jack n Deuce here we
check it over and now our opponent is
going to bet we know this type of
opponent is going to be checking back
hands like Ace Jack or queen Jack at a
decent frequency here so if we've seen
them do that before when they bet what
did they mostly have they're going to
have a more polarized range meaning
they're going to have more nuts or air
typ hands so I would just be check
raising quite a bit here and I would
just be check raising a relatively small
size and we can just get them to fold
the air put a lot of pressure on the
draws and sure we run into some strong
hands very occasionally so I would just
be check raising our draws and our semi
Bluffs at a very very high frequency
here on the flap when villain does stab
and next here if villain does check back
the flap I think a big mistake a lot of
Live players make here is getting to
this turn with Queen high and being like
Oh I have to start a bet now well what's
going to happen if we just bet the turn
and bet the river the reason they check
back with Ace Jack or King Jack on the
Flop is to pot control so they can call
no matter what sizes you bet on the turn
or the river so I would practice delayed
gratification here if the Flop does go
check check I would put in one more
check now our opponent's almost always
going to bet when they have a hand like
Ace Jack King Jack Jack 10 something
like that and when they bet now we can
go for that Max fold equity line which
is a huge check raise on the turn and if
villain calls well we can make them play
for all the money on the river remember
the reason they're checking back the
Flop is because they don't necessarily
want to play for all the money so if we
are going to run the bluff let's run the
line with Max fold Equity put them in
those uncomfortable positions and take
the line which gets Ace Jack King Jack
Queen Jack to fold all right guys real
quick if you're enjoying the video all I
ask please hit that subscribe button it
lets the YouTube algorithm know that
this is the type of content you enjoy I
will make more videos just like this one
if you hit that subscribe button thank
you guys have a gentle day read number
three when we see our opponent cold call
at three bet all right let's say we see
this handle down at our friendly 25
table boban's going to open it up here
in the hijack the cuto is going to three
bet and now we see villain cold call in
the big blind here goes to a flop ace
high and this just checks through a
queen on the turn villain's going to
come out and bet big here and now the
original Three better is going to call
we go to the river villain checks and
now the original Three better is just
going to put in the money villain is
going to call and we see villain end up
here with Ace King so how can we exploit
a player who is cold calling three bets
with hands like Ace King the number one
exploit I would make is just for betting
much much wider now the thing I will say
it very much depends on your opponent if
you're just going to widen that range by
including just more Bluffs or you're
just going to go much much thinner for
value with your four bets and let's say
we open a button with a hand like A6
small blind is going to three bet and
the villain in the big blind is going to
cold call if villain is the type of
player who just doesn't want to play for
all the money with hands like Jacks
Queens Ace King and you are relatively
deep I would just be putting in a ton of
four bet Bluffs here with hands like Ace
six suited king8 suited if villain is
the type of opponent who is going to
just call it off when they have Ace King
or queens or Jacks then I would just
start going thinner and in this scenario
I would take Ace King suited I would
take Ace King off I would take pocket
queens and I would just always be
putting in the forb BET here the other
exploit I think is the most important
one and it's looking at the other side
of the coin so we know villain's going
to start cold calling with hands like
Ace King in presumably hands like Jacks
and queens so let's say we open Kings on
the button here we're going to get three
bet in the small blind and now the same
villain who cold called with Ace King is
going to put in the cold forb bet in the
big blind if they are cold calling with
hands like Ace King pocket Queens what
does that mean when they cold forbat
they just have Aces or Kings right they
just have Aces or Kings so here is how
to exploit this player when we have a
hand like kings here when we have a hand
like Queens here we should just be
folding and this is one of those
examples of how you can get away from
pocket kings pre- flap if you've seen
this guy cold call with Ace King or
Queens when they cold forbet they don't
have Ace King or Queens right this is
just going to be Aces and kings and when
we have Kings it makes it a lot more
likely that they have Aces so this would
be one of the spots where I would fold
Out of Position
pocket kings all right read number four
when we see our opponent check from out
of position with a hand as strong as top
pair top kicker all right let's say we
see this hand go down at the table
villain is going to open it up in the
hijack boban is going to call we are
getting out of the way we are not in
this hand villain is going to C bet
boban is going to call now on the turn
villain is going to double barrel for a
big size boban is going to call we go to
a river and now villain checks and at
this point boban takes the bait he is
going to bet for about 2/3 pot and
villain snaps it off and shows up here
with Ace Jack so how do we exploit this
type of player who's going to check on
rivers from out of position with hands
the strongest top pair top kicker first
let's look at the spot when we have
value so let's say again villain is
going to open this time we are the hero
in the hand we call Jack n Deuce villain
cets we are going to call with top pair
top kicker turn is a four bringing in a
back door flush draw villain's going to
double we call now the river is a three
and villain checks it over so when we
have Ace Jack here it would be a
disaster for us to bet 150 or 200 here
right when when villain checks this
River they are not planning on folding
unless you put in an absolutely
monstrous sized bed so this is a spot to
get greedy we've seen villain check the
spot with a hand like Ace Jack so they
could certainly have hands like King
Jack or queen Jack or Jack 10 that bet
the Flop bet the turn big and now check
the river when all the draws Breck to
check call I would just be going
absolutely massive so when villain
checks it over to us I go 400 just
knowing that villain gets here with a
lot of hands like King Jack Queen Jack
that aren't planning on check folding we
get called and we win a nice little pot
I also want to talk about the coraly
here what does this mean when villain
bets the river so let's say we play this
exact same hand except we have Queen 10
villain bets the Flop we call villain
double barrels a turn we call and now
villain bets the river what does this
mean well it's going to mean the villain
is very polarized meaning they have in
the spot either nuts or air they're not
going to be doing this with hands like
Ace Jack King Jack hands like that so
when they get to the spot they either
have two pair a set or air and if we get
to the spot with a hand like Queen high
that doesn't beat a lot of their air say
we're losing to their Ace High flush
draws their King High flush draws Etc
one cool thing we could do in the spot
when we get here with the bluff is we
could just click it we could literally
Min raise in this spot because we can
get villain to fold all of their ace
high flest draws all of their King High
flest draws villain's just going to be
more heavily weighted towards those type
of hands because we know villain isn't
going to be betting hands like single
pair in the spot one of the things I
like to do when a villain is repping a
polar range my Bluffs like to raise very
very small if we had Queen 10 here we
just raise very very small because their
air is going to fold if we breathe on
this pot and if we got here somehow with
a hand like five six of Spades right if
we got here with the nuts I would just
be going all in because I don't think
villain is folding the hand like pocket
Deuces Jack n suited pocket NES if they
get here with a set or two pair but if
they get here with a hand like ace high
or King High they are folding to a minra
so our Bluffs in the spot when villain's
polar wants to just click it and our
value in the spot wants to put in all of
the money so with Queen 10 here we can
just click it and get villain to fold
their Ace and King High and one last
note if we did get to this River with a
hand like Ace 10 of Spades or something
like that I would be very very tempted
to consider calling in some instances
when we beat a lot of villains Bluffs
the only reason I'm raising with a hand
like Queen 10 is because we lose to most
of villains Bluffs they're really
repping two pair Plus or air and when we
have a hand like Ace 10 of Spades here
in the spot we beat all of their air so
when we know villain is reing a very
very polar range on the river I would be
inclined to call pretty pretty light
Wet Board
read number five when we see a player
check call with a set on a wet board all
right let's say we see this hand go down
bin is going to open from the cut off
we've seen a lot of tangling between bin
and the villain so villain's going to
check it over Bin's going to cat
villain's going to check call we go to a
turn villain is going to check bin is
going to double barrel now villain's
going to put in the check raise Bowman's
going to call villain is going to bet
big once again when the flush comes in
on the board pairs bin is going to call
and look at that villain has a full
house and they just check called on the
Flop with a set on a wet board and
usually villains are going to fast play
strong hands like sets in two pair on
very wet boards so how do we explain
this when a villain is going to trap
some of their very strong hands even on
wet boards all right let me show you
let's say we have pocket NES this time
we open the button villain's going to
call in the big blind Jack n Deuce what
do you know we flap middle set we are
going to C bet on the flap you know my
Mo at this point is to use a size on the
Flop where they raise their strong [ __ ]
and call it their weak [ __ ] usually
around half pot in a single race pot so
that's what we go villain is going to
check call now the turn is a blank and
on turns usually the question I ask is
are they capped and if yes I bet very
very big and if no I bet very very small
so usually when villains are capped and
the hands are going to have in this spot
are going to be top pair good kicker and
a bunch of draws I like to go very very
big but if we are playing against the
villain who is going to trap sets on the
flap then in this scenario no they are
not capped they can still have hands
like Jack n or pocket Deuces hands like
that so in that scenario I would want to
go small again on the turn to give them
another chance to put in the raise the
reason why we want to go with a smaller
size on the turn if villain does have a
hand that we cooler like Jack n or
pocket's well now they're going to raise
on the turn and we can also get them to
call with a bunch of their weak [ __ ] as
well by choosing a smaller size here
with pocket nines we are going to go 50
just over half pot and now villain is
going to wake up and put in the big
check raise on the turn and as we've
seen when villain check calls the Flop
and check raises the turn they're going
to have have a strong hand this is just
going to be hands like Jack n or pocket
Deuces or even hands like pocket fours
with a spade that called The Flop this
is just going to be sets in two pair so
when we can cooler most of that range
would we ever want to bet three bet here
as a bluff no never we wouldn't want to
bet three bet here as a bluff because
we're just never getting folds villain
has a very strong range so when we end
up here with pocket n villain's not
folding the hand like pocket Deuces
villain's not folding hand like Jack n
so let's just go all in we get called
river is a blank and we win a nice
Quick Hits
little pot all right finally I want to
leave you with 10 quick hitters if you
see a player at your table do one of
these 10 things you can instantaneously
start making these exploits let's go
number one if a player buys in for less
than the max in a cap game this is
almost always not going to be a pro it's
going to be a recreational player or a
fish treat them as such go for the hard
exploits right away number two if a
player is choosing to sit out bomb pots
this is usually going to be a more
conservative player it means they're not
going to be on the gambl side when they
yet they are probably going to be under
bluffing and they are not going to be a
player who's usually going to want to
play for all of the money with marginal
hands number three if you see a player
limp call this is almost always going to
be a recreational player or a fish and
what this means is more interesting when
they raise than when they limp because
if they're limping a bunch it just means
they're limping all of the bottom and
middle of their range so when they raise
first in when they open raay pre flop it
means they're just going to have a very
very very strong range so be careful
three betting this player when they come
in for an open Raise because a lot of
their [ __ ] hands just go in the limp
range number four when you see a player
who goes for the limp raay pre flop
again this is going to be a recreational
player or a fish what this also means
when you see this player open well what
type of hands are they limp raising
usually they're very strongest hands
pocket aces pocket kings pocket Queens
so when they open they just don't have
the very very top of their range so you
can just three bet this player when they
open with impunity knowing they most
don't have Aces or Kings particularly
when they open from early position
because those are the hands they like to
go for the limp Rays number five if you
see a player vary their open sizing say
they are opening usually to four or 5x
and then they open to 8 or 9x and they
show down a hand like pocket 10 or
pocket Jacks this is very very common so
one of the things you can do when they
open to this very very large size of
course the easy adjustment is just fold
almost everything when they're opening
to this ridiculous size but if you do
have a hand like Queens Kings Aces Ace
King Suited and you see this type of
player open to 8X do not three bet to
three or 4X right do not three bet to
the standard size when they open to the
size they are not planning on open
folding they just have a strong hand
like nines 10 Jacks Etc they are not
planning on folding so if you have a
hand that can beat that range put in a
monster three bet I'm talking 6 7 8X
whatever ridiculous size you can use
however you can get the most money in
the pot they're announcing telling you
Hey sir I am not going to fold this hand
okay so if you can beat that hand put in
way more money number six if you see a
player calling a three bet way too wide
out of position with hands like ace1
offit or King Jack offit The Adjustment
you want to make here is just three bet
them very very linearly and use much
larger sizes when you three bet them
pre- flop number seven if you see a
player Buy in with cash instead of chips
or a player Bank it is more likely than
not that they're going to be a
recreational player or a fish than a pro
number eight the inverse to that if you
see a player Buy in with chips or a
player or a box it is more likely than
not that they are going to be a pro than
a recreational player number nine if you
see a player line up all of their chips
so all of the sides are perfectly
aligned this is going to be a player who
by definition is just not getting
involved much their chips aren't going
in and out of pots they are probably
going to be more conservative they are
going to be under bluffing they do not
want to play for all the money most
likely finally number 10 if you have a
player who refuses to straddle when the
rest of the table is doing it again this
is going to be a player who's going to
be more on the scared money side they
are not going to want to put in all the
money with marginal hands they are
probably going to be under bluffing all
right guys hopefully you enjoyed this
video on how to make reads at the poker
table and how to use those reads to
exploit your opponents hopefully this
skyrockets your win rate and turns you
into one of the biggest boys possible
thank you guys and have a gentle day