how do we know when we should turn a
bluff catcher into a bluff here is one
simple trick to figure it out I feel
like I'm a 2016 BuzzFeed article when I
say that all right anyway when our
opponent can be betting the river thinly
for Value say with top pair top kicker
turning Showdown value into a bluff is
often the most profitable play on the
other hand when our opponent is betting
the river more polarized say they are
repping a very strong hand or air
probably not the best idea to go for the
bluff race let's walk through four
examples and hopefully by the end of
this video you have a crystal clear
guideline on when and when not to turn
your bluff catcher into a bluff like a
pro for context my name is Maron I
played poker fulltime for over 5 years I
started at $1 $2 worked my way up played
as big as 200 400 and netted over seven
figures along the way all right without
further Ado let's start with when we
should not turn our Bluff catcher into a
bluff let's Jump Right In All right so
first example here we are playing 25 2
effective so relatively deep the villain
a recreational player here is going to
open up the cut off to 25 and in this
situation I generally like to play three
bet or fold I like to play pots heads up
in position against recreational players
I'm not really a big fan of letting the
blinds in and going multi-way in that
case you're going to have to play more
of a game of bingo where you hit your
hand and recreational players when you
three bet them in general are not going
to fight back they're not going to forb
bet enough they're just going to call
too much so let's let's go ahead and
three bet this may look a little bit
light on the surface but let's just
isolate play aot heads up in position so
we are going to three bet the villain is
going to call we going to go to a flop
669 the villain is going to check it
over and my M Mo in three bet pots is
just going to be to range bet in single
raise pots I usually go around half pot
because that's a size where they raise
off their strong [ __ ] and call with
their weak [ __ ] in three bet pots
because the absolute size of the pot is
bigger generally like to go a little bit
smaller somewhere between 30 to 40% pot
here so I'm going to go $60 the villain
is going to call we're going to a turn
which is a 10 bringing in the backdoor
clubs and also bringing in the straight
here villain's going to check it over
and at this point I just think we have
Showdown value here we beat all of the
ace highs that Flo to the Flop when we
see that small so I am just going to
check this back I don't really see any
reason to continue barreling here and in
general this is maybe one of the most
profitable lines in all of live poker if
you are not utilizing this line please
start utilizing it if you'd like to win
more money see bet the Flop check back
the turnour with showd on value Bluff
catch the river why is this so
profitable well they call too much on
the Flop and raise off too many of their
strong hands so they just get to the
river with way too weak of a range and
what did they do when they get to the
river with no Showdown value after the
turn goes check check well they just
come out and bet and the really cool
thing is like you're going to see here
when they come out and bet on the river
as a bluff they usually choose this 40%
to 60% size and then whenever they have
a very strong hand they just generally
go bigger so this is why this is one of
the most profitable lines in all of
Poker not to get to sidetracked but now
villain comes out and Bets 125 into 287
here my first thoughts on this River
were hm I'm probably not going to fold
here because I think villain could be
over bluffing we see bet the Flop small
check back the turn you're just going to
have a lot of Ace highs that float at
the Flop so I think a call is profitable
but could a bluff raay be more
profitable here and as I started to
think about that the answer is no even
though they're choosing a small size on
this River I don't think villains come
out in bet a hand like King Jack or king
queen because when you three bet you see
bet the Flop and check back the turn
what hand did they put you on all the
time Ace King so going to this River
they're just going to expect you to have
Ace King quite a bit so if they have a
hand like Ace 10 or king queen they're
not going to come out and bet this River
what they're saying when they come out
and bet this river is either I can beat
ace king or I can't by raising here
we're not really accomplishing a whole
hell of a lot this is either going to be
a bluff which I would expect it to be
with this sizing it could be some 6X it
could be some Straits or it could be
some full houses now I'm expect it to be
waited way way way more towards Bluffs
than I would expect it to be weighted
towards full houses or trips here so
because they are repping a more
polarized range here I do not think
Bluff raising is very good I actually
did call in this spot and villain showed
Ace Jack of Hearts and we take this one
down one more example of when not to
turn our Bluff catcher into a bluff all
right so we are going to open Ace five
of diamonds in the cut off villain is
going to call on the button again 2,000
effective so we're relatively deep in a
25 game we flop a big combo draw and as
is my Mo when out of position in single
race pots I am generally checking range
because the mistakes live villains make
when you check to them is they just over
stab on the Flop they Telegraph their
hand strength with their sizing and they
do not protect their checkback range
when they check back so we are going to
check it over and villain is going to
see bet 30 into 47 we've got a big combo
draw we are super super deep and I just
think we can apply a ton of pressure
here even to hands like top pair I think
we can get to fold by the River quite a
bit of the time and even if we can't we
just have so much equity in our hand and
if you factor in that we do have some
fold Equity here if they fold king queen
or queen Jack 20 25% of the time by the
river well we just get to win this hand
a lot of the time so applying the
pressure very very good when we have the
equity to back it up so we are going to
put in the big boy monster check rise
here the reason why I like to go with
these big check R sizes villains are
just going to stab with a bunch of
[ __ ] here right if they have pocket
fives if they have pocket sixes if they
have Ace Jack of hearts or whatever
they're folding no matter what size we
check raise to but if they do have a
hand like Queen X or a king High fles
draw those hands aren't folding to one
single check raise no matter what and
whether we have a bluff here like with a
five of diamonds or whether we have a
value hand here like with pocket fours
we want them to Pile in more money right
now on the Flop and Pile in more money
on the turn whether we have a value hand
or we're bluffing and then we can split
and diverge on the river and get them to
try to call when we have a value hand
and get them to try to fold when we have
a bluff so that's the goal here we go to
240 the villain is going to call and now
interestingly the turn is an ace so now
we [ __ ] top pair our hand goes from a
combo draw to kind of a thin value maybe
Showdown value type hand here on the
turn and we're just way ahead now of
hands like king queen or queen Jack and
I don't think we're going to be able to
get two more streets from hands like
that so at this point I think maybe
checking with our hand is best so we are
going to check and now the opponent is
going to go too 40 just under half pot
here and obviously we have a pretty easy
call going to a river which is an offit
King we are going to check it over again
and now the villain goes
$400 so at this point I like to pull out
the handy dandy Bluff catching checklist
do we beat value no we don't beat any
value there's a very very low chance
that villain has a hand like Ace Jack or
something like that remember we check
rais the Flop to 8X so this is going to
be two pair Plus or nothing here are
they capable I'd say in live poker when
we have shown so much aggression when we
raise pre-flop when we check raise the
Flop we call the turn and now the board
is a triple Broadway board where Ace
King is out there looks pretty good for
us I'd say most villains are probably
not capable of bluffing this spot did we
give them rope well we gave them a
little bit of rope by checking the turn
but remember we were the pre- Flop Razer
we check raised the Flop huge is the
size significant $400 getting pretty
significant in a 25 game yes the size is
significant and do they have non-sh
Showdown value really the only non-sh
Showdown value hands they would have
here would be smaller Diamond draws like
Jack nine of diamonds seven eight of
diamonds so not a ton not a ton of
Bluffs here and then the question is is
Bluff raising profitable should we turn
our Bluff catcher into a bluff and this
is one of those examples where I think
no because their range here in this spot
is very very polarized right they either
have two pair like a hand like Ace Queen
a set like a hand like fours or Deuces
or they have absolutely nothing they
just have like seven eight of diamonds
or something like that in this spot
right this would be a situation which
would be villain dependent for me if I
would want to call or if I would want to
fold but I do not think I would be Bluff
raising in this spot ever because it
just doesn't really accomplish much if
we raise here well we're just folding
out all of the hands that we beat anyway
like seven high or Jack high or whatever
and we're just getting snapped off by
two pair or sets probably against most
live villains I think you could
comfortably fold this spot because I
think it is under bluffed and if someone
is under bluffing if the pool is under
bluffing taking every Bluff catcher and
turning it into a fold is more
profitable than calling I would lean
fold here but this would definitely not
be a spot where I would want to turn my
bluff catcher into a bluff all right
guys real quick if you're enjoying the
video please hit that subscribe button
it lets the algorithm know that this
type of video is what you guys enjoy and
I will make more videos just like this
thank you guys have a gentle day all
right next I'm going to walk you through
two examples where turning our Bluff
catcher into a bluff could be very
profitable all right first example here
25 again 2K effective we open up Queen
10 offit in the cut off villain is going
to call on the butt we go to a flop
Queen 76 I'm just checking range out of
position in a single race pot we check
they go with half pot I think this hand
is probably too thin to raise way too
good to fold obviously so just seems
like a pretty standard call here now the
turn is a five of clubs don't
particularly love this card obviously
brings in the 89 which is the obvious
draw here on the rainbow flop so we are
going to check it over now villain go 60
we are not folding top pair to this size
to a double barrel when we've given them
rope so again we are going to call but
not particularly loving it now the river
is the dece of clubs and at this point
we're just kind of hoping the river goes
check check and our opponent has a hand
like 78 or pocket nines now we check it
over and our opponent goes $80 so what
am I thinking in this spot the small
size from our opponents from out of
position on Rivers is usually heavily
heavily weighted towards Bluffs because
villains like to get a cheap price on
their Bluff and they don't like to get
embarrassed and if the river goes check
check from out of position they have to
flip over and show Jack high or whatever
that didn't Bluff but when they're in
position I find they just often check
back more of their Bluffs because the
out- of position player has to show they
can just go oh I missed I didn't get
there whatever they don't have to show
their cards so what I find is this small
size on the River from live poker
players in general is usually just going
to be thin value hands that are just
pretty scared of maybe getting raised
this is going to be a pretty thin value
range right this is going to be hands
like Ace Queen king queen hands like
that the two factors that generally
Drive sizing in live poker are fear and
greed so fear would be in the spot if
our opponent has an like Ace Queen
they're a little bit scared of 89 of
Queen X of clubs of 7x of clubs whatever
so they go a little bit smaller because
of fear greed would be in the spot our
opponent does have a hand like 89 or
pocket sevens if they have those hands
they get greedy and they just choose the
bigger size so I find when they use this
size on the river in position it's
generally going to be hands that are
betting relative thin when our opponent
is repping a more thin linear range when
they could be betting top pair top
kicker that's a pretty good time to turn
our Bluff catcher into a bluff when
opponents triple barrel they are under
bluffing right everything gets there it
was a rainbow board on the Flop the
straight draws get there the back door
flush draw gets there and we have a
bluff catcher our opponent's under
bluffing so I think folding is going to
be fine here I think the other option is
turning our Bluff catcher into a bluff
so in this spot I actually think that's
the most profitable option because I
think opponents here will find folds
with hands as strong as Ace queen king
queen queen Jack on this River almost
all the time if you lay down the hammer
and choose the big boy size and you're
just not going to run into a brick wall
all that often because when opponents do
have a flush a straight or a set on this
River they will generally just go bigger
so I'm going to turn this one into a
bluff here going to put in the big boy
Ray size 565 we are going to get the
fold get it through and take down a nice
little pot all right next hand 25 2K
effective again opponent's going to open
the cut off to 20 we've got the second
best handed poker pocket aces we're
going to three bet on the button to70 do
hairs the opponent is going to call 84
Deuce they check it over we are going to
C BET our entire range 30 to 40% pot
here in position in a three bet pot we
go 50 bucks and now our opponent is
going to check raise and at this point I
like to consider all the options
foldings off the table right got pocket
aces with the back door nut flush draw
right foldings off the table just
because we can still be beating a lot of
our opponent's value we could be beating
hands like pocket 10 here pocket Jacks
pocket queens that may check right this
flop at some frequency not to mention
our opponent could still have quite a
few Bluffs here that we are ahead of
hands like seven six of hearts or King X
of hearts or maybe they're just spaz
raising because we bet small whatever
pocket aces strong enough to call here
bet three betting here from us always
like to consider it but I don't love bet
3 betting here because I think a hand
like pocket 10s or pocket Jacks may get
squeamish and start folding here
sometimes if we go for the BET 3 Bet
also if they are just spazzing we want
to continue to let them spaz so let's
just call with pocket aces we've got a
pretty good hand we're in position we
can see what they do on the turn we go
to a turn which is a three now our
opponent goes 250 into 447 don't love
raising don't love folding calling seems
pretty good we can still be beating some
of their value and of course we are
still ahead of the Bluffs so we are
going to call and now the river is the
10 of Hearts we are kind of praying for
the villain to check this one over and
then at that point we can evaluate
probably just check it back but villain
is going to go 300 so let's let's think
about a couple things on this River one
do you think opponents in general check
raise fles draws too much or too little
opponents in live poker generally air on
the passive side and they just don't
check raise their draws enough so
they're just not going to have a ton of
flush draws if our opponent did check
raise this flap with 8X of hearts or
King X of Hearts Queen X of Hearts
whatever and they get there on the river
is the type of opponent who's going to
be super super aggressive with a flush
draw in a three bet pot [ __ ] the river
are they not going to bet one3 pot I
don't think so so this is not going to
be a on the river at a very high
frequency at all would our opponent
still be betting a hand like queens or
Jacks here no right they get here where
jacks or Queens are going to check could
they have a hand like pocket eights or
pocket 10 that may still be betting
thinly on this River when they have a
set sure so now going through what our
opponent has we've deduced they probably
don't have a flush they probably don't
have an overpair they could have a set
or they could have some type of airball
bluff is the airball bluff likely
probably not everything get like a hand
like five s that hand gets there it
would have to be something like six
seven of clubs or something like that
just seems very very unlikely I mean
hands like 56 and ace5 get there on the
turn so probably a spot that's going to
be under bluffed but also they're just
not going to have a lot of flushes in
the spot and also if you look at our
hand not that I think it matters all
that much but having the Ace of Hearts
is nice it's a nice little backup but
again we just don't think they're going
to have many flushes at all when they
check raise the Flop Barrel the turn and
then choose the size on the river so our
opponent's range in this spot is
probably going to be sets and air and
it's going to mostly be weighted towards
sets so when we look at our hand pocket
ases we have a pure Bluff catcher here
is our opponent over bluffing or under
bluffing well they're probably under
bluffing so our hand is not a profitable
Bluff catch can we turn our Bluff
catcher into a bluff H and this is one
of those spots I think it could be good
why because our opponent is representing
a range that is betting more thinly but
wait Mark they're not repping over pairs
they're repping sets yes exactly but on
this board sets are not anywhere close
to the nuts so in this spot I think a
lot of opponents would strongly consider
folding hands like pocket eights pocket
fours pocket 10 if we put all the money
in so here's how I like to keep myself
logically consistent in the spot if our
opponent flipped over a hand like pocket
fours here and we had pocket eights
would we go all in for Value do we think
our opponent would call with pocket
fours if we jammed on this River with
pocket eights most players would
probably fold but you may be saying in
my pool they're always going with pocket
fours okay great so you should be going
all in when you have pocket eights when
you have pocket 10s when you have any
flush in the spot however if players in
the spot are folding sets I think it's
going to be very profitable to turn any
hand that doesn't beat a set here on the
river into a bluff to turn any Bluff
catcher into a bluff now to be clear
really nice having that Ace of Hearts
but I don't think it matters all that
much I just don't think it matters
people get too caught up in blockers
when blockers just aren't that relevant
why are they not that relevant because
our opponent is going to be under check
raising with a flush draw on the Flop
and if they do have the asex of Hearts
if they do have the nuts on this River
they would not be choosing the size so
just like having the a of Hearts just
not all that relevant I do think turning
any hand that can't beat a set here on
this River into a bluff is going to be
pretty pretty good if we think our
opponent is capable of folding sets from
what I've seen I think a lot of
opponents at this stack depth into five
wol F sets so I would take pocket aces
here I would turn our Bluff catcher into
a bluff I would go all in in this spot I
want to leave you guys with one little
trick when our opponent is repping a
thin value range on the river when they
could be betting top pair top kicker for
Value right when they're repping thinly
well in that case our Bluffs want to go
huge and our value wants to go small why
because they're going to fold top pair
top kicker quite a bit if we put the big
boy Ray size in so therefore our Bluffs
want to go very very big and conversely
our value wants to go very very small
because we want them to call want them
to call with top pair top kicker or a
weaker hand now when our opponents are
betting more polar meaning they're
repping more of the nuts or nothing
that's a situation where I don't like to
make a lot of bluff raises as I talked
about but if we are going to make Bluff
raises when our opponent is polar our
Bluffs should be very very small and our
value should be the biggest size
possible right because when our
opponents are repping polar they either
have the nuts or air so when we're
raising with a bluff we can literally
just click it 2X and get them to fold
all of their air maybe their air that we
lose to right and we lose the minimum
when we run into the nuts and then when
we have the nuts against a more polar
range we just want to Pile in all the
money because if they're repping say the
second or third nuts or the fourth nuts
or whatever and we have the nuts they're
probably not folding that hand so again
when our opponent is repping a thin
range our Bluffs Go Large our value go
small when our opponent is repping a
polar range our Bluffs go small our
value goes big all right guys hopefully
you enjoyed this video on when to turn
your bluff catcher into a bluff
hopefully it turns you into the biggest
boy possible and catapults your fat ass
to the Moon thank you guys and have a
gentle day