if you're stuck playing low stakes poker
I'm going to tell you the number one
reason why I've spent the last three
years coaching over 100 players and the
ones who've gone from low stakes to
mid-stakes to high stakes all have this
one thing in common it's not
intelligence I know a lot of guys you
may consider dummies who are making a
lot of money playing poker it's not work
ethic I know a lot of guys you may
consider lazy pieces of crap who are
making a lot of money playing poker and
it's not experienced I know a lot of
guys who couldn't even tell you what a
straight was when we first started
working who are now making a lot of
money playing poker the number one
reason most players are stuck at low
stakes they are asking the wrong
questions when I first started playing
poker I realized I was asking way too
many questions focused around myself
instead of what my opponents are doing
questions like do I have a range
Advantage what is my minimum defense
frequency am I balanced in this spot I I
I me me me my win rate really took off
when I stopped focusing on myself and
started asking what my opponents were
doing I'm going to take you through two
hands one is the pre- Flop CER and one
is the pre- Flop razor and show you what
questions I would ask to win the most
money in these spots let's start off as
the pre-f flap caller let's jump in all
right so let's jump in first example as
a pre-f flop caller we're playing 25 1K
effective button is going to open to $20
we're going to defend in the big blind
with A6 suited we are going to a flop
King 3 Deuce we're going to check it
over in flow we've got the nut flush
draw here to the pre-f Flop Razer and he
is going to bet $30 here now 3/4 pot on
the Flop so an unhelpful question to ask
you on the Flop would be a question like
do I have a nut Advantage who cares this
isn't going to help you win more money a
more helpful question to ask here on
this flop would be will they fold a lot
if I check raise and to help me come to
that answer I may ask some more specific
questions like are they range betting
for this size would they bet $30 here on
this flop if they were range betting or
might they choose a smaller size do they
split their sizes say do they sometimes
choose a smaller size when they have
weaker hands or draws or just kind of
Showdown value hands like pocket NES
here is this villain type the type of
player to fold top pair good kicker by
the river and do I have the stack depth
to make them fold that type of hand so
those would be some of the more specific
questions to help me come to that answer
will they fold if I check race when a
player takes this size on the flap
usually they're just going to be
weighted towards stronger hands it means
they're probably not going to be range
betting maybe they be checking back some
of their weaker hands maybe they' be
betting a smaller size with some of
their weaker hands I would just probably
continue here as a call just expecting
us not to be able to get quite a lot of
folds if we check raised here so we are
going to call and go to a turn the turn
is a blank we check it over in flow once
again and now our opponent bets pop an
unhelpful question to ask here on the
turn may be something like where am I at
in my rage this doesn't help a more
helpful question in this spot would be
are they over or under double barreling
and to help me come to that answer I may
ask more specific questions like are
they always choosing this size withdraws
might they slow down sometimes on the
turn when they have a draw are they
always betting the flop for this size
when they don't have very strong hands
so those would be some of the questions
I'd be asking here to help me determine
are they over or under double barreling
for this size I would probably come to
the conclusion versus most players again
that when they three4 pot on the Flop
and now pot the turn this is just going
to be very very value heavy so we are
going to call on the turn and now we are
going to go to a river look at that we
make top pair once again we are going to
check it over in flow to the pre- Flop
razor now with the pot being just over
$300 the pre- Flop Razer is going to bet
$ 250 so again they raised pre- flap
they bet 3/4 pot on the Flop they potted
the turn now the river is an Ace and
they are going very nearly pot again an
unhelpful question to ask here on this
River would be what is my minimum
defense frequency it's just it it
doesn't matter a much more helpful
question to ask on this River would
simply be are they over or under
bluffing that sounds simple but it's
kind of hard to come to the right answer
there so I would ask some more specific
questions like could they be betting
worse for Value are they capable of
bluffing in this line is this size
significant for the game do they have
non-sh Showdown value hands that would
be natural to turn into Bluffs here so
let's walk through those could they be
betting worse for Value probably not if
they had a hand like king queen or King
Jack that hand would probably just check
back this River it certainly would have
bet nearly pot again when an ace comes
are they capable well this is a question
you're going to have to answer yourself
by having experience and having hours
played with the villain across from you
in general when players choose the big
size on the Flop the big size on the
turn and the big size on the river I
find it unlikely especially when an ace
comes on the river that most players are
capable of finding enough Bluffs in this
line is the size significant well it's
it's getting there $250 in a 25 game
it's getting pretty big it's on that
borderline of yeah this is this is a
pretty big size for the game and do they
have non-sh Showdown value hands it
would make sense here to turn into a
bluff sure they've got a few maybe hands
like Jack 10 of Spades Queen 10 of
Spades hands like that but specifically
when we have the Ace of Spades and now
the ace comes on the river there's not a
ton of natural Spade Bluffs here four
five gets there on the river so do they
have a lot of non-shell down value here
probably not so in this spot I would
probably deduce that based upon all the
clues we have based upon those River
questions we asked and the fact that
they bet big on the Flop and they potted
the turn they are almost certainly under
bluffing this line and yes we have top
pair here but we don't beat any of their
value they are under bluffing we have a
bluff Catcher And if they are under
bluffing and we have a bluff catcher we
should be folding all of our Bluff
catchers because every Bluff catcher
going to be more profitable as a fold
than as a call so in this specific spot
I would fold on the river so now to's
say we're playing the same spot and
instead the river is a beautiful seven
of Spades giving us the nuts instead of
an offit ace an unhelpful question to
ask in this spot would be something like
am I unbalanced if I lead here a more
helpful question in this spot would be
something like will they bet thinly
enough if I check and will they Bluff
enough if I check most villains in
general in live poker do not bet that ly
enough I would not be surprised to see
Ace King or pocket 3es here checked back
greater than 90% of the time on the
second question I think we have to carry
that logical thread all the way from the
Flop through the river does villain have
a lot of Bluffs when they go 3/4 pot
flop and then pot on the turn if they
were bluffing it's most likely that they
had a hand like Jack 10 of Spades or
queen 10 of Spades and those types of
hands aren't always going to take the
big size on the Flop and blast on the
turn at 100% frequency so I do think
they just don't get to this River with a
lot of Bluffs and a lot of their hands
that were thick value have been
downgraded so if we check to them
they're not going to Bluff all that
often they're not going to bet thinly
enough and I expect this River to go
check check often so because of those
factors I would strongly consider
leading if our opponent is not going to
value that thinly enough and they're not
going to be bluffing enough I would go
ahead and lead for whatever size I
thought they would call with Ace King or
pocket 3es probably a pretty chunky size
here I may go 250 on this River and look
at that we get called and we break in a
nice little pot all right guys real
quick if you're enjoying the video
please hit that subscribe button you
subscribe I will kiss you on the mouth
on the lips all you got to do subscribe
me mar kiss you thank you all right so
we're playing 25 again this time we're
600 effective we're going to open pocket
kings on the button here villain is
going to call in the big blind Check N
Deuce with a couple of Spades they're
going to check it over to us an
unhelpful question in this spot would be
something like do I have a range
Advantage no who cares a more helpful
question I would ask on this flap is
what is the biggest size we can bet
where they will raise off their strong
[ __ ] and still call with their weak [ __ ]
and some questions I may ask to help me
come to that answer would be are they
going to play their value fast or slow
on this board well this board's pretty
wet and Dynamics so they're probably
going to play their value pretty fast
even if we choose a bigger size will
they play their draws more aggressively
if we bet smaller quite possibly a lot
of players get a little bit more
aggressive with their draws if we choose
a smaller size and finally will they
float wider if I choose a smaller size
so we would love for this player to call
with a hand like pocket sixes with a
spade or something like that so if we
choose a little bit smaller size will
they call with a hand that is just
almost drawing dead against us here so
those would be the questions I asked to
help me come to that answer and usually
in single race pots in position I
default to around 1 half pot so when
they check it over to us I am going to
go 1 half pot here they are going to
call and we are going to go to a turn an
unhelpful question on this turn would be
what size do I need to bet to protect my
hand
who cares a much more helpful question
to ask on this turn would be are they
capped and if yes bet big and if no bet
small remember the question we asked on
the Flop is what size can we bet where
they raise their strong [ __ ] and call
with the re [ __ ] well the turn here
doesn't change the nuts it's a complete
blank if they're raising their strong
[ __ ] on the Flop if they're raising Jack
n pocket nines pocket Deuces that means
the best hand getting to this turn
usually that they're going to have is a
hand like Ace Jack so that would mean
yes they are capped so what's the big
biggest size possible we could bet here
to get value where they're still going
to call with that top of their range now
they no longer have those strong hands
that beat us we don't have to worry
about those so what's the biggest size
we can bet here would I still call with
Ace Jack and aex of Spades probably
going to be pretty big here right let's
say this turn was the four of Spades we
would ask are they capped and it would
be no they're not capped if the turn is
the four of Spades because on this
specific turn they could still have a
lot of flushes that would just check
call on the Flop so when they are
uncapped with ask a slightly different
question what's the biggest size we can
bet where they still raise off all of
their flushes but continue with a bunch
of weaker hands so on this turn a
complete blank complete bedi I think
they're just going to be doing quite a
lot of calling when they have Ace Jack
or acex of Spades or King Jack or
something like that I think all those
hands are going to call a very big size
so we are going to put in the overb on
this turn they are going to call and we
are going to go to a river an unhelpful
question to ask you on this River would
be what size can I bet to be
balanced no a much more helpful question
to ask here on this River would be are
they going to call a lot or are they
going to fold a lot now this sounds so
simple and how do we come to that answer
again I would ask more specific
questions to help one of the questions I
like to ask on the river is what would I
do with the inverse and this helps me
distance the forest from the trees what
would I do here if I had a bluff let's
say we got to this River with Queen 10
of clubs would I feel comfortable
jamming all in with Queen 10 if they had
a hand like Ace Jack probably not right
we have just over a pot siiz bet left
all the draws bricked I don't think Ace
Jack is folding so therefore our value
size should be big and our Bluff size
should probably just be relatively small
right if we have Queen 10 of clubs here
we can just breathe on this P we can bet
100 bucks 125 bucks right and just get
Ace X of Spades to fold get King X of
Spades to fold and we lose the minimum
against Ace Jack when we have Queen 10
so that's why I would ask what would I
do with the inverse in this spot to help
me come to the best decision because
this is a spot where we think they are
going to calling quite a lot our value
size should probably just be big so when
they check it over we are going to jam
villan is going to call and we are going
to scoop in a nice little pot with our
pocket KES all right guys hopefully this
video on asking good questions helps you
level up your win rate right away and
escape the low stakes thank you guys and
have a gentle day