if you're not betting huge for Value in
these five spots you could be leaving a
ton of money on the table I'm going to
show you why I like to put in an
unreasonable amount of betting discs
every time one of these five situations
comes up for context my name is Maron I
played poker full-time for over 5 years
I started at $1 $2 worked my way up and
played as big as 200 400 and netted over
seven figures along the way all right
without further Ado let's count it down
my top five spots to go huge with value
starting at number five when the turn is
a blank all right so we're playing 25 1K
effective going to open up pocket Queens
on the button villain's going to call on
the big blind look at that what do you
know Jack n Deuce with a couple Spades
they're going to check it over to us the
question I ask on the flap is what is
the biggest size where they raise off
their strong stuff and still call with
their weak stuff half pots usually going
to get that done going to entice them to
raise off with hands like Jack n suited
pocket 9's pocket Deuces but still call
with a weak range that we can get a ton
of value from across the rest of the
hand so we are going to go half pot on
the Flop they are going to call on the
turn they are going to check to us and
the question I like to ask on the turn
before determining my sizing is are they
capped and if yes I like to go big and
if no I like to go small so usually
getting to the turn the best hand
they're going to have is a hand like Ace
Jack or King Jack right you got an AK-47
pointed at your head and I say listen
you've got to make this guy fold Ace
Jack right here right now on the turn
what size are you betting right you're
probably betting absolutely massive
because you just don't think Ace Jack is
folding here I like the default to
putting in a very big size on the turn
when the turn is a blink they're not
folding Ace Jack right now put in more
money while you can all right my number
four spot to go huge with value when
bottom card pairs all right so let's
look at an example here and this can
apply when bottom card pairs on the turn
or when bottom card pairs on the river
this example we're going to have Aces on
the button the second best handed poker
we open it up villain's going to call
whoa the dealer Queen n de that is a
little strange peculiar but villain's
going to check it over to us again we're
going to choose a size on the Flop where
they raise off their strong stuff and
call with their weak stuff so usually
around half pot they are going to check
call we go to a turn and now the turn
pairs bottom card so I want to talk
about why it's so good to go big in this
spot villain is just not going to have
much of the bottom card represented in
their range they're just not going to
have a ton of trips here after they call
the bet on the Flop players get much
stickier with top pair on paired boards
but they get much less sticky when they
have draws so it is kind of a balance
here I think you will find if you start
going huge on this turn players will
certainly start folding hands like Jack
10 or gut shots for sure because now
that the board is paired they are unsure
even if they get there if their hand is
going to be good while they're going to
be getting more elastic with their draws
I think they get less price sensitive
with their top pair and in this
situation if they do have a hand like
queen king or queen Jack I just don't
think they're folding for even huge
sizes here on this turn and I think one
of the mistakes I found out was making
was just going too small in this spot
trying to recap them on this turn and
get them to raise off whenever they have
tripped and just missing out a ton of
value against hands like queen king and
queen Jack we should almost treat this
as a blank and just go with that big
overb even the 9x gets more sticky in
the spot because now their hand to them
technically has improved the two pair
and I just don't think they find a bunch
of folds on this turn so I think sizing
up here with value on the turn is going
to be very very good treat these bottom
card paired turns and rivers as more of
a blank turn or river and choose that
big size once again all right guys real
quick if you're enjoying the video
please hit that subscribe button I make
videos every week just trying to give
out as much value as possible and boost
your win rate and I make videos based
upon what the algorithm tells me you
guys like by subscribing that means you
guys like this video I will make more
videos like this in the future thank you
guys have a gentle day all right my
number three spot to go huge with value
when the villain takes a bet bet
checkline let me show you all right
let's walk through it here villain's
going to open in the cut off we are
going to call on the button in general
I'm not a huge fan fan of doing calling
especially when recreational players
open I'm generally just playing three
better fold but let's say in this
specific example we've got a really big
whale in the big blind here Shawn
Bradley and we are super super deep with
this player and we would love for this
guy to come along with dominated hands
because he's going to be the type to
make 200 300 400 big blind mistakes post
flop we are going to call here Jack n
Deuce what do you know villain's going
to C bet for just a little under half
pot we are going to call go to the turn
which is a blank villain is going to ch
choose the standard bad rig size in this
spot which is going to be around 2/3 pot
we are going to call again now we go to
a river which is another blank and now
villain is going to check I want to talk
about this heris which I think is really
really important recreational players
generally check the river to check call
so let's keep that in mind here when
they check this river right what do they
have on this River well they either have
a busted draw that decided to give up up
here or they have a pretty good hand
like Jack X that is planning on check
calling on this River because all the
draws brick so what should we do in this
situation well we have a value hand one
of the things I like to ask to kind of
distance the forest from the trees is
ask what would we do here if we had a
bluff I probably wouldn't want to go big
right because if villain has a hand like
Ace Jack or King Jack I just don't think
they're ever folding in the spot when
they check the river they're checking
and check call now if they also have a
draw they're going to fold if we breathe
on the pot so if I had a bluff here I'd
probably go relatively small which means
let's flip it back to when we have value
here we have a jack we're back to
reality again that means we should
probably go absolutely massive right
because if villain has a bust to draw
and they're giving up we're not getting
any more money from that hand anyway but
if they do have a hand like Queen Jack
or King Jack or Jack 10 here I don't
think they're folding right I just used
to go way too small in this spot how do
I know because I used to try to Bluff
this spot and I would bet 300 and I
would just get tank called every single
time by King Jack well what does that
mean when we have value when we have
value then if we're getting called so
often when we're bluffing here if
villains are checking this River to
check call when we have value here we
should just be blasting it's really easy
to make a mistake and just go 2/3 pot or
pot here on this River and I think
that's just leaving a ton of money on
the table I would almost always overb
when all the draws break so they check
it over to us I'm going to go 1.5x pot
here I think you could probably even get
even more greedy and I just expect to
get called here quite a bit when they
have a worse Jack my number two spot to
go huge for Value when villain check
raises the Flop and then checks the turn
when the nuts change let me show you all
right so we are going to open A7 of
spades on the button villain is going to
call in the big blind Jack n Deuce what
do you know and we are going to CED half
pot here on the Flop as is EML villain
is going to check raise to $75 here on
the Flop well we've got the nut flush
draw we are in position I think when
villains check raay on this board
they're just going to be heavily
weighted towards value here because
they're almost always going to be
raising off hands like Jack n pocket NES
pocket Deuces stuff like that here we
have a pretty easy call we don't
particularly want to get jammed on if we
decide to go for a bet three bet here
villain's just going to have a little
bit too strong of a range we don't have
much fold Equity here also we are ahead
of a lot of their draws that could be
raising here so pretty standard call I
think in position we go to a turn look
at that sweet baby there look at that
sweet baby there and now villain is
going to check this is one of the
biggest mistakes I was making personally
and I think in this spot we should be
going absolutely massive why should we
be going massive well first let's think
about what is villain's range when
villain check raises this flop what is
their range mostly going to be hands
like pocket nines pocket Deuces Jack n
suited they're just going to have sets
into pair here when they check this turn
why don't they just have a lot of
flushes here as well well they probably
just don't have many flushes because
number one flush draws would not always
check raise the Flop let's say flush
draws check rais the Flop 10% of the
time 20% of the time somewhere in that
vicinity let's say the type of player
who's going to check raise a flush draw
on the Flop are they in general going to
be more passive or more aggressive that
player is going to be more aggressive
right and so an aggressive player raises
a flush draw on the Flop now they get
there on the turn what are they going to
continue doing a large majority of the
time they're going to continue betting
if they were a passive trappy player
well they probably wouldn't have raised
their flush draws on the Flop so they
don't have many flushes here but they do
have a ton of two pairs and sets and are
the two pair and sets going to fold for
any size on this turn no so I think the
mistake I was making in this spot was
just going half pot 2/3 pot just getting
lazy with that bad rag sizing in the
spot and not really taking into the
account villains range here we want to
set up an spr as smallest possible on
the river villains just almost never
folding a set on this turn because they
can call and in their mind you know
they're getting odds to boat up if they
boat up they're going to get the money
right that's what they're thinking if we
go like a 100 on this turn pot's going
to be 392 and we're going to have 800
back we're not going to stack sets but
if we go absolutely massive on this turn
I don't think villains are folding
Deuces or nines here and the goal here
is to sculpt that River spr so when we
get to the river ah look now the pot is
842 we've only got 580 left and now
they're getting quite a price on the
river so set up that spr on the turn so
they just can't fold a set and finally
drum roll please the number one spot you
should be going huge for value in live
poker when you check race all right in
this example we are going to play out of
the big blind as the pre- Flop caller
here villain opens on the button we call
with ducks why are they called Ducks we
go to a flop Jack n Deuce Deuces by the
way are a pretty decent hand if you know
the flap is coming Jack n Deuce with a
couple of Spades I would almost always
play deuces in that example so we are
going to check it over to the preal
Razer they go half pot here and I think
this again was maybe the biggest mistake
I was making in live poker was just
check raising the standard bad rag size
to 3 to 4X in this spot I think almost
all live players are going to play worse
if you put them in unfamiliar territory
villains in position in live poker make
a couple reoccurring mistakes number one
they just stab or seeet way too much
number two they Telegraph their hand
strength with their sizing and number
three they do not protect their
checkback range when they do check back
they just don't have enough strong hands
if they just have a hand like pocket
sevens that is just mindlessly SE
betting here they're folding whether we
check raise 3x or whether we check raise
30X it doesn't matter pocket sevens are
just going into the muck if they do have
a hand like Ace Jack here if they do
have a hand like aex of Spades or queen
10 of clubs I would say none of those
hands are folding whether we check raise
3x or whether we check raise 9x and
because villains aren't used to looking
at this spot I think we just exploit the
[ __ ] out of them by just targeting that
top 10% of the range that is just never
folding in a million years when we take
this huge check race size so I'm going
to take an absolutely ridiculous check
race size here to 9x on his flop all
right guys hopefully you enjoyed this
video on five spots to go absolutely
huge for value and it makes you so much
money you turn into a hippopotamus thank
you guys and have a gentle day