here's a five question Bluff catching
checklist that'll turn you into the best
hero caller this side of Manitoba all
right so first I want to start off with
a myth live poker players do not Bluff
live poker players do not Bluff live
poker players don't Bluff like the K
Mato the reality is live poker players
Bluff a lot they just rarely Bluff for
large sizes or when we appear very
strong where do live poker players Bluff
let me give you a list of the five most
common places number one live poker
players Bluff when we look really weak
when we check back of Street when we
just check call or when we use very
small bet sizes number two live poker
players Bluff in heads up pots it's much
easier to get a bluff through it's much
less scary heads up against one person
rather than in a multi-way spot with
three four five six people number three
live poker players Bluff more in smaller
pots where the absolute size of the
bluff is small for the game they are
much more likely to Bluff on earlier
streets say pre- flop or on the Flop
than they are on the turn or the river
number four Live players are much more
likely to Bluff when they have wide
ranges for example they're much more
likely to Bluff in a limp pot than they
are in a three bet pot they're much more
likely to Bluff in a single rais pot
than they are in a four bet pot they're
much more likely to Bluff in a late vers
late spot cut off versus button than
they are in an early vers early spot
under the gun versus lowjack one of the
guiding questions I like to ask here is
is there a decent part of the range that
doesn't have Showdown value because if
they do have a big part of the range
that doesn't have Showdown value that
means they're much more likely to find
some Bluffs and number five this one may
be a little bit simple or
self-explanatory but live poker players
are much more likely to Bluff when they
are losing stuck or tilting than when
they are up big or having a good session
so how do we put all that information
together how do we use it well at Hungry
Horse poker we like to use what we call
a repeatable thought process which is
really just a systematic way of asking
questions when I am considering Bluff
catching on the river I like to use
these five questions to guide me whether
to Bluff catch or whether to fold the
first question I ask is do we beat value
maybe they're just massively under
bluffing or maybe they're never bluffing
but they could still be overvaluing a
hand maybe they're over valuing a
straight when a flesh comes in maybe
they are overvaluing a flush when the
board is paired the second question I
ask are they capable essentially is this
particular opponent capable of bluffing
in this line for this size and sometimes
these are the only two questions you
have to ask if we don't beat value and
they are not capable of bluffing now all
of a sudden if we have a bluff catcher
we have an easy decision we don't even
need to work through the rest of the
list we can just fold third question I
ask did we give them rope did we make it
easier for them to Bluff did we check
back a street did we just check call the
entire time from out of position did we
use a very small size on the Flop that
maybe induce them to spaz essentially
did we open the door did we give them
the green light and make it easier for
them to Bluff four is the size
significant for the game and this one is
very important because a lot of people
will Bluff for small sizes on earlier
streets it's much more rare to find the
archetype that's going to pull the
trigger for an overb Bluff or a 200 big
blind Bluff on the river and finally
number five do they have non-sh Showdown
value hands so could they possibly get
to this River with busted six High
straight draws with busted King High
flesh draws Etc essentially do they have
hands that are intuitive to turn into
Bluffs in this spot bonus question
number six is Bluff raising more
profitable always good to consider all
of our options in every single spot and
sometimes Bluff raising will be more
profitable than Bluff catching all right
Bonus Question 6
let us walk through a couple examples
here and put this Bluff catching
checklist to the test we are playing 25
,000 effective we open up the button to
$20 with the ace deuce of diamonds and
the villain in the big blind calls we go
to a flop here he is going to check we
are just going to simplify and range bet
if you want to know why we're range
betting in position on almost every
single board check out our five-step
guide to crush low stakes poker so we
range bet here for $20 and villain calls
we're going to a turn villain checks
over to us we pick up a pair here so we
do have some Showdown value here we beat
some of his floats we beat some of his
straight draws so 5 6 6 7 9 10 Jack 10
Jack n so we are going to check it back
here now on the turn now the river is a
three and villain comes out and Bets $40
here so let's work through our Bluff
catching checklist number one do we beat
value no we have bottom pair here we
absolutely don't beat any value are they
capable well let's just say this is a
typical recreational player we don't
know much about them so we probably
can't rule out that they're capable
right they could be capable did we give
them rope well actually we did give them
rope because we checked back the turn
here so we kind of open up the door so
yes we did give give them rope is the
size significant I would say no the size
is not significant the size is only $40
which is double the pre- flap opening
size so no the size is not significant
and do they have non-sh Showdown value
well yes they do have some non-sh
Showdown value here they have hands like
67 9 10 Jack n Jack 10 maybe even some
ace high hands that just kind of floated
the Flop here so do they have non-sh
Showdown value yeah of course they have
non-sh Showdown value and then the bonus
question is Bluff raising more
profitable in this particular spot I'm
not quite sure it is because we do have
quite a bit of Showdown value here if we
call we're just good quite a bit of the
time and when we're turning Showdown
value into a bluff we need that bluff to
work quite a bit more when just calling
is very very profitable so in this
particular spot no not sure Bluff
raising is more profitable walking
through that list the only question out
of the five questions that would lean us
towards not Bluff catching here is we
don't beat value so when four out of the
five questions are leaning us towards
yes we should be Bluff catching this
looks like a pretty easy Bluff catch
spot to me little bit of nuance for you
guys maybe a little bit of bonus here I
find one of the most profitable lines in
live poker is this particular line right
here where we see bet the Flop we check
back the turn with Showdown value and
then we Bluff Catch The River Why is
this one of the more profitable lines in
live poker because this is one of the
spots where players will massively over
Bluff wide vers wide configuration
button versus big blind they're just
going to call too much pre- flop they're
going to call too much on the Flop which
means when we check back the turn with
some Showdown value here they're just
going to get to the river with way too
many hands that don't have Showdown
value what are they going to do with all
those hands when we give them rope and
check back the turn and open up the door
well they're probably going to Bluff all
right guys real quick if I could ask
just one thing please subscribe to the
channel hit that subscribe button and if
you see me in person if you come across
me like on the street buying some
mangoes and you come up to me and you
show me pull out your phone show me your
subscribe to Hungry Horse poker you can
redeem that for one kiss on the mouth
thank you please subscribe let's move on
to the next example all right so in this
## Example
example here we're playing 25 again
let's play as the pre- Flop caller now
so villain opens up the button to $20
and we defend in the big line with Ace 8
of clubs flop comes 1084 here with a
flush draw we flop middle pair we check
it over our opponent bets half pot and
we are going to continue as a call go to
the turn which is a six we check and he
bets half pot again wide configuration
we still have some Showdown value here
so we are going to continue we get to
the river which is a blank a three of
clubs we check and now our opponent bets
pretty much half pot again so let's work
through the bluff catching checklist do
we beat value probably not because
what's the worst hand we expect our
opponent to bet here maybe 10x maybe
hand like Jack 10 Queen 10 something
like that so no we don't beat value are
they capable as long as they're not an
old man coffee who is 96 years old and
hasn't played a hand in 3 hours yes
they're probably capable did we give
them rope well yeah I think we did give
them a little bit of rope here because
we just went check call check call check
we never put in an aggressive action
ourselves is the size significant no the
size is not very significant for the
game $85 in a 25 game I think we can
agree here this is a smaller bet and do
they have non Sheldon value well button
versus big blind yeah of course you're
going to have some non-sh on value right
busted flush draws ween Jack Jack n
suited yes they do have non- Showdown
value and finally is Bluff raising more
profitable well probably not in this
spot because when we do beat a lot of
their Bluffs again the bluff raise is
going to have to be insanely profitable
when we just have a profitable call so
in this particular situation once again
because we answered yes to four out of
the five questions on the bluff catching
checklist I would go ahead and I would
put in the call in this particular spot
all right first two standard a little
bit easy let's up the difficulty a
little bit so we open King Queen of

## Difficulty
Diamonds here from the lowjack again
pling 25 the villain in this hand calls
on the button and this hand we start a
little bit deeper 1, 1500 effective
about 300 big blinds flop comes Queen 74
and as is our Mo here at Hungry Horse
poker we are going to check our range on
the Flop as the pre- Flop Razer in a
single race pot out of position if you
want some more information on why we are
checking here check out our ultimate
guide to playing out of position all
right we go ahead and check here villain
puts in a $25 bet I think we could go
either way here with either a call or a
raise for the sake of complexity we're
going to go for a raise here we put in
the big boy raise here to 180 again if
you want more information on why we're
check raising to these absurd ridiculous
sizes check out The Ultimate Guide to
out of position so we raised to 180
villain calls turn now is the Ace of
Diamonds now at this point we're kind of
running out of value right so if we
think about what hands we're targeting
here Queen N9 suited Queen 10 Queen Jack
well now when the ace comes those hands
are going to going to be much more
elastic they're not going to want to do
a lot of calling so we're just kind of
running out of value here we kind of
want to play a two Street game against
hands like Queen Jack Queen 10 Queen n
Etc so this is a situation where I would
go ahead and check so we check and our
opponent surprisingly puts in a pretty
chunky bed here 250 into 407 obviously
we can't fold here we have second pair
and the back door nut flush draw in this
situation we are going to continue as a
check call move on to the river here
look at that sweet baby there look at
that sweet baby there we make two pair
we are going to check in flow over to
our opponent and now our opponent bets
650 into 907 so let's work through our
Bluff catching checklist do we beat
value probably not what's the worst hand
our opponent is betting on this River
Ace Queen pocket fours it's very
unlikely because our opponent bet the
Flop and called a check raise that they
get here with a hand like Ace 10 or Ace
Jack that they're overvaluing because
they wouldn't bet call on the Flop to
our check race so do we beat value no
are they capable again I didn't give any
notes on this opponent but this is
something you just have to apply in game
is your opponent a 20s something year
old that has been playing Super
aggressively is three beers deep or are
they a 96-year-old man drinking coffee
in this spot we don't know so we're just
going to assume in this particular spot
they are a person who is a little bit
capable did we give them rope absolutely
not we didn't give them rope right we
check raised the Flop and we made this
pot very very big so because we were the
pre- Flop Razer and we put it in
aggressive action on the Flop we balloon
this pot very very big so no we did not
give them rope even though we did check
the turn it still looks like we have a
very strong hand and when it looks like
we have a strong hand our opponents are
way less likely to Bluff so no we did
not give them rope is a size significant
yeah this is getting pretty significant
this is $650 in a 25 game this is over a
100 big blinds for a BET right this
could be an entire stack size so yes the
size is significant and do they have
non-sh Showdown value not much right
maybe only a hand like five six suited
we check raised to a very big size on
this flop so it's just very unlikely
they get with non- Showdown value
besides maybe hand like 5'6 and finally
is Bluff raising more profitable well no
certainly not in the spot when villain
puts in 65% of his stack on this River I
doubt he's folding unless he has 56 in
which case we have the best hand anyway
so no Bluff raising is not more
profitable so as we work through this
list now we see Bluff catching in this
particular spot is not profitable and to
be clear here when we have king queen
and we don't beat any of their value we
have a bluff Catcher And if a spot is
under bluffed and you have a bluff
catcher every Bluff catcher should be f
yes we have two pair we have what looks
like a very strong hand but like two
pair here doesn't beat any of their
value and if we deduce from our Bluff
catching checklist that they are under
bluffing well two pair here would be
more profitable as a fold than as a call
Super Deep
all right next hand here and we're going
to play this hand super super deep so
we're 2,000 effective playing a 25 game
so we're going to start off 400 big
blinds effective villain opens in the
cut off to $20 hairs we look down at red
pocket aces or I guess one blue and one
red pocket ace in this particular
particular example we're going to three
bet to $70 and look at that Phil
helmouth is going to fold his $31 stack
in the big blind back to villain he
calls flop 84 Deuce checks over to us
we're just going to be range betting
here in a three bet pot in position so
we go 1/3 pot villain now check raises
to 150 I think we could still be beating
some value here obviously we have a
continue with the Ace of Hearts we can
make the back door nuts we could still
be beating some of his hands that are
raising here for protection so we're
going to continue turn is a three
villain bets 250 I guess we could still
be beating some hands like pock tens or
pocket Jacks here we're going to go
ahead and put in the call here now on
the river the T of Hearts rolls off and
villain bets $300 into 947 so let's work
through our Bluff catching checklist now
do we beat value well when they check
raise the flop in a three bet pot bet
the turn and bet the river no we don't
beat any value I don't think villain is
doing this at this point with a hand
like pocket Jacks like pocket Jacks May
check call The Flop sometime and if
pocket Jacks does check raise the Flop
they may check the turn sometime and if
pocket Jacks does check raise the flop
and bet the turn when the flesh rolls
out on the river they're not going to
still be betting so no we don't beat any
value I mean this could be a hand like a
set like pocket 10s pocket eights pocket
fours sure a set could still be betting
here but we don't beat those hands right
so no we don't beat any value are they
capable well we don't know much about
this villain again that's something
you're going to have to deduce in game
did we give them rope absolutely not we
didn't give them rope we three bet pre-
flop and then we bet on the Flop so
every single step that we could have
taken aggressive action we have taken
aggressive action the only small little
smidge in here is we did bet small on
the Flop but again that's taken as less
of rope betting small in a three bet pot
than it is in a single race pot or limp
pot so no I would say overall we did not
give them rope is the size
significant this is where a little bit
of the Nuance comes in because I find
that absolute size in these situations
is much more important than relative
size and you could look at this and say
they're only betting one3 po sure but
they're also betting $300 which is still
a pretty chunky bet for a 25 game we're
talking about a 60 big blind bet so I
would say I would lean towards yes that
the size is relatively significant here
do they have non- Showdown value no
everything gets there if they were going
crazy with a hand like ace5 or 56 those
hands got there if they had a flush draw
those hands got there there's just no
non-sh Showdown value in their range so
is Bluff catching profitable no right we
we don't beat value we didn't give them
rope the size is significant and they
don't have non- Showdown value so Bluff
catching is not profitable so we can
rule out Bluff catching here but now
let's move on to the bonus question is
Bluff raising more profitable and let's
consider this let me ask a couple
guiding questions here do you think live
poker players under check raise or over
check Rays when they have flush draws on
the flop in a three bet pot I think in
general we could probably agree that
they under check Rays they just play
their flush draws probably a little bit
too passively so do they have a lot of
flush draws getting to the river in this
manner that check Rays flop probably not
particularly when we have the ace of
hearts in our hand because maybe the
flush draws that they would play
aggressively would be the comble draws
like Ace three of hearts or Ace five of
hearts or even a hand like Ace queen or
Ace Jack of Hearts and then even if they
did check raise a flush draw is this the
line they would take maybe they are
aggressive with that flush draw on the
check RIS on the Flop maybe they keep
barreling on the turn but now they get
there on the river is this the size
they're going to take when they [ __ ] the
flush on the river and I would posit
that no probably not because what I find
is greed is the biggest primary driver
of people's beted sizes they they chased
the flush draw the whole way they played
it aggressively now they [ __ ] it on the
river in general I find they're usually
going to take a bigger size when they
hit the flush so if we deduce that
number one they are going to under check
raise fles draws on the Flop and number
two they're sometimes going to use a
bigger size on the river when they get
there they just don't have a lot of
flushes in this line so let's think
about this is Bluff raising more
profitable if we did get here with the
ace high flush if we did have Ace King
of Hearts would we Jam all in here and I
think this kind of informs our decision
because if our opponent flipped over a
hand like pocket eights or pocket
do we think they would call if we jammed
all in and if we think no they would
fold a set if we had Ace King of Hearts
we wouldn't go all in here we' just
raise small maybe to like 800 or 900
well then we know what to do with our
Bluff now we know what to do when we
have pocket aces because pocket aces is
no longer a profitable call so let's
turn it into a bluff let's go all in
with pocket aces now if we think they're
never folding a set we also have an easy
decision with pocket aces here we should
just fold pocket aces and go all in
every time we have Ace King of Hearts I
can't answer that question for you are
they going to fold a set here but it's
always important to consider and we
should be always pulling one of those
levers right either we should be going
all in with value here thinking they're
never folding a set or we should be
turning all of our overpays into Bluffs
here thinking they're always folding a
set so one of those two things is always
going to be true so I think this just
shows why it's so important in the spot
to always ask that sixth question is
Bluff raising more profitable because
obviously Bluff catching is not
profitable in this spot but if we just
take it one step further is Bluff
raising profitable I think maybe yes all
right guys hopefully you enjoyed this
five question Bluff catching checklist
please don't poop your pants please
enjoy have a gentle day