most winning poker players think they're
playing well they study they use GT
wizard they follow the right strategy
but here's the truth almost all of these
players have massive leaks you can
exploit for Pure profit they overfolded
the wrong spots overbluff when they
shouldn't and completely butcher big
hands without even realizing it I saw it
every day when I played mid and high
stakes full-time today I'm not showing
you how to beat fish that's relatively
simple and we talk about that enough
instead I'm showing you how to dismantle
winning players step by step so you can
stop guessing and start crushing ready
let's jump in all right step number one
to crushing winning players we are going
to range bet in position as the pre-f
Flop Razer and I know you're thinking
well Mark don't we range bet against
fish too yes we range bet against fish
because they play very poorly against
the range bet they tend to raise their
strong stuff and call with their weak
stuff but winning players play poorly
against range bets as well the mistakes
they make are a little bit more nuanced
but they still make three major mistakes
number one they don't check raise the
Flop with enough Bluffs number two they
don't use huge check raises on the turn
when the Flop goes check check and then
we delay C bet on the turn and number
three they don't use huge overb sizes
when they come out and lead the turn
after the Flop goes check check so let
me show you so we're going to open here
in the lowjack with JJ Rex and a winning
player is going to call in the big blind
flop comom
653 and when the villain checks it over
this is one of the worst boards for us
early versus a big blind defend you see
here in equilibrium we are very very
rarely SE betting on this board we're
only SE betting about 10% of the time
checking back 90% of the time in
equilibrium but let's talk about the
mistakes that winning players make on
this board first when we see that here
they don't find enough Bluffs they're
supposed to be finding check Rises here
with hands like king queen with the King
of Diamonds just a back door King High
fles draw King seven with the King of
Spades so just a naked gut shot and a
hand like King Queen of Clubs so just
two overs and a back door flush draw
these hands are supposed to be check
raised at a high frequency even winning
players do not find these check raises
that are a little bit counterintuitive
second let's say we check back this flop
and kind of a neutral turn card comes
out in offit 10 they check it over now
we bet here small for Value kind of a
delayed CET they're supposed to find
quite a few absolutely massive check
raises some 8X 9x 10x massive check
raises on this turn to put our hands
like pocket Jacks in a very precarious
position hands like King jack of
diamonds are supposed to be check raised
here at a high frequency naked flush
draws and then hands like A6 of hearts
or King five of Spades second or third
pair here are supposed to be check
raised and turned into Bluffs right here
right now to try to put pressure on our
overpays and this just doesn't happen at
a high frequency even from winning
players the third thing that doesn't
really happen when we check back the
Flop and the turn comes out an ace or
King that hits our range the big blind
is supposed to have some massive overb
Leads Here up to 20 to 25% of the range
is supposed to come out and bet
somewhere between 2 to 3x pot on this
turn the Bluffs are supposed to find a
relatively intuitive some Diamond fles
draws like Queen nine of diamonds some
Club flesh draws like King 8 of clubs
but there are a bunch of unintuitive
hands as well they're supposed to come
out and just just over bet this turn
with hands like Queen Jack of Hearts
this just doesn't happen so we see here
the good players most likely aren't
going to be exploting us even when we
see bet on boards that are bad for us so
we should just SE BET our entire range
in position as the pre- Flop Razer now
let's talk about when we are out of
position out of position against fish
you guys know I'm a big advocate of
checking my entire range because fish
tend to over stab Telegraph their hand
strength with their B size and they do
not protect their checkback range now
against winning players we are going to
be a little bit more nuanced than we are
against fish we see here against good
players out of position as a pre- flop
razor we are going to check on boards
that are good for them and bet on boards
that are good for us what does this mean
and why let me show you a few examples
so we see here a winning player is going
to open on the button we three bet in
the small blind with pocket eights
they're going to call flop com 654 with
a couple of diamonds and this is a board
in general that's probably going to be
slightly better for the pre-f Flop
collar than the pre-f Flop razor so I am
just going to check my range here and
I'm not checking my range because this
is what we're supposed to do in
equilibrium I'm checking my range
because on boards that are good for them
winning players have a lot in common
with fish on these boards that are good
for them they tend to over stab they
don't protect their checkback range they
under double and triple barrel as a
bluff basically allowing us to
overfolded rivers and we can still get
money in with good hands even if the
Flop goes check check when we check it
over to them in this spot they're
supposed to check back here at a high
frequency with hands like pocket Queens
pocket sevens 54 suited for bottom two
pair and I just don't think this happens
in reality so when we check to them they
tend to over stab and when they stab and
we call here when we go to the turn they
are massive L under double barreling
compared to equilibrium there's supposed
to be double barreling here with naked
gut shots like ace8 of Hearts complete
airballs like Queen Jack of Spades hands
like pocket twos they're supposed to
start turning into a bluff on the Flop
and continue bluffing for three barrels
when they double barrel on the turn I
just don't think they're finding enough
Bluffs let's say we call one more time
because the board is wet we've got a
gutter to a straight now the river is a
queen and when we check it over to them
on the river once again they are
massively under triple barreling as a
bluff compared to equilibri they are
supposed to put in all the money here
with busted flush draws like ace9 of
diamonds I think a lot of winning
players in this spot when they have
diamonds they're like ah I unblock my
opponent's folding range so I shall
check back they're also supposed to
triple barrel it off with hands like Ace
Duce of Spades I would argue that they
just don't find the C bet and a double
barrel with hands like that at a
reasonable frequency and they're
supposed to triple barrel with hands
like pocket Deuces here that they're
just turning into a bluff so when we
check to them and they put in double or
triple barrels this just allows us to
massively overfolded get to save money
here with hands like pocket a and when
we have strong hands here like pocket
aces we would still want to check even
if our opponent checks back on the Flop
we can still get the money in across a
lot of turns in a three bet pot we can
just over bet on the turn and overb on
the river targeting their hands like
King X are going to call two streets or
their hands like back door flush draws
are going to call one big street and if
we're in a single race pot here and the
spr is higher we can just check again on
the turn and then go for the big boy
check race knowing they are capped and
we just pretty much always have the best
hand after they check back the flly so
we see here we want to check our entire
range out of position on boards that are
good for them because of these mistakes
that we talked about but now let's talk
about on boards that are good for us and
on boards that are good for us we just
want to be seab betting our entire range
even out of position you see against
fish we're not applying this Nuance
because fish make the same mistakes
whether the board is good for us good
for them or good for their Grandma they
can't differentiate but winning players
can differentiate and this is why on
boards that are good for us they make
slightly different mistakes they tend to
underst stab on these boards and on
these boards they do protect their check
range and this one is super nuanced and
we'll talk about it but when we see BET
our range on the Flop and then check on
the turn they just don't punish us for
doing so so let me explain so we see
here same situation button opens we
three bet in the small blind this time
with pocket kiggy button calls flop
comes Ace King 4 and this is a board
that I would considered to be better for
us as the pre- flap razor than it is for
the pre- flap caller so on this board I
would just be SE betting my entire range
why am I see betting my entire range
because if we check here unlike fish
winning players are not going to over
stab on this board if we check here
they're actually supposed to be stabbing
at a high frequency with hands like
pocket 3es hands like King 10 of hearts
or hands like Jack 8 of clubs for just a
backdoor flush draw I don't think this
happens in reality as much as it happens
in equilibrium so I think in this
particular spot winning players actually
underst stab when we check to them all
right and the last concept here let's
say this time we have King Queen of
Spades and we three bet in the small
blind they're going to call again on the
button when we see BET our range on the
Flop and they call and then we check so
in equilibrium when we check on this
turn there's supposed to start bluffing
a lot and putting a lot of pressure on
our hands specifically like King Queen
of Spades pocket Jacks trying to get us
to fold weaker parts of our range by the
river they're supposed to stab
relatively large when we checked them
with hands like pocket fives with a
diamond pocket threes with a diamond
turning these hands into a bluff or
hands like five four of Spades here
turning bottom pair into a bluff and I
just don't think this happens at a high
enough frequency so when we see better
our range and then we check on the turn
they just don't punish us enough for
being capped the next adjustment to
crush winning players we want to check
raise their C bets when we are in wide
versus wide configurations why do we
want to do this because in general they
tend to overse bet and they won't defend
properly to a check race so let me show
you so we're going to open here in the
cut off a winning player three buts us
on the button we're going to continue
with pocket Deuces flop comes Ace Queen
4 and we check it over and of course
they are going to se bet on this board
for a small size now I'm going to ask
you guys how much do you think they're
supposed to be SE betting on this board
in equilibrium button versus cut off in
a three bet pot and the answer here is
probably lower than at least what I
assumed you see here they're supposed to
be SE betting about 64% of the time on
an ace high double Broadway board as the
pre flop razor the reason being in this
wide configuration button versus cut off
they just have a bunch of hands here
like Jacks 10 NES eights suited
connectors a bunch of hands that just
don't really want to se bet on this
particular board so I think you can
agree I can agree my grandmother can
agree that Rags are just probably pure
seab betting 100% of their the range on
this board in this configuration so if
we tell the solver that the button is
going to be pure seing here 100% of the
time what that means when we check Rays
on this board they actually have to
continue very very wide we see here when
we check raay they're supposed to
continue with hands like Jax with a
spade 10 with a spade nines with a spade
pretty much pure on this Ace Queen 4
board they're also supposed to continue
with all of their Queen X and all of
their gut shots and a lot of these
continues when we check raise are very
unintuitive like they're supposed to
call with pocket eight with a spade here
100% of the time when we check race I
just don't think Live players are doing
that so if we just make one adjustment
and lock the button to fold hands like
Jacks 10 9es 8 sevens when they get
check raised on this board well look at
that sweet baby there now we are check
raising
53% of the time when the button SE bets
on this board and you may be thinking
that is insane and yes I agree on the
surface it looks insane to check raise
53% of our range here on an ace Queen 4
board in a three bet pot this is why
when we are the pre- Flop Razer we just
get to get away with range betting even
against good players because they don't
find enough check raises when we are
range betting so how do we exploit
winning players when they are just range
betting when they shouldn't be range
betting we need to be finding a [ __ ] ton
of check raises all right the next
exploit to crush winning players we want
to employ delayed gratification what
does that mean we don't need to get them
to fold right now if we can check and
win the hand 99% of the time later so
let me explain so let's say a winning
player opens on the button we defend in
the big blind with Queen 10 flop comes
Ace Jack 7even we check and he checks
back now the turn is an eight we pick up
a double Gutter and a lot of players in
our shoes from the big blind will just
come out and bet here on the turn and
even if we come out and use an overb a
2X pot siiz bet on the turn and a big
overb again on the river what's going to
happen here a lot of the time is we're
just going to get called down if we just
rewind here what is the button range
what is a winning player's range when
they check back on an ace Jack 7 board
as the pre- Flop razor so I would start
eliminating buckets first they're not
going to have air here a lot of their
air would just stab on a board that is
good for them so they don't have air
they're not going to have nutted hands
here when the spr is this high they have
a hand like Ace Jack pocket Jacks pocket
sevens whatever they're just going to
start putting in more money in positions
they don't have top of the range they
don't have bottom of the range what did
they mostly have on this board when they
check back well they have Showdown value
and why might they check back a hand
like ace deuce or Ace three of hearts on
this board they may check back a hand
with Showdown value because they think
it's only a two Street hand so if they
check back with a hand like Ace three of
hearts or something like that we come
out and overb the turn they check back
the flap so they could call on the turn
and the river so just coming out and
going bet bet ourselves even for overb
sizes just allows them to play perfectly
against us instead if we just wait one
more beat and we check this turn one
more time what are they going to do if
we check it to them on the turn with a
hand like ace deuce or Ace 3 well
they're going to bet what are they going
to do with a hand like King Jack or
pocket Queens to check back the Flop
well they're going to bet so if we just
check here one more time they will often
put in the bet for us and the best way
to maximize fold Equity is to go for the
check raise now once they bet the turn
we go for this big boy check raise and
ask yourself if you were the villain on
the button and you checked back with
pocket queens or even a hand as strong
as ace3 of Hearts how are you feeling in
the spot when You Face a big check ra on
the turn probably pretty squeamish and
the thing is even if they call the turn
with a hand like Ace three of Hearts now
we just get to put in all of the money
on the river and make them play for
Stacks which was not the plan when they
checked back the Flop with a hand like
Ace 3 and if we check to them on the
turn and they check back we just know
they don't have an ace they probably
don't have a hand like King Jack Queen
Jack pocket queens or something like
that they probably just have a hand like
7x pocket sixes pocket fives some type
of weak Showdown value marginal hand if
the turn goes check check therefore when
they check back the turn all we need to
do is come out and bet the size to get
those hands to fold we can just come out
and bet 2x or 3x pot knowing that they
don't have an ace knowing that they
don't have a jack knowing that they
don't have a hand like pocket kings and
we get the fold either way whether they
bet the turn or they check back the turn
the next step to crush winning players
we want to overfolded configurations on
Ace High boards in four bet pots and
when 200 plus big blinds go in winning
players are much more capable of
bluffing than fish or recreational
players but these four specific spots
are where even winning players tend to
under Bluff so let me show you some
examples so we open pocket sevens from
the lowjack hijack a winning players
going to three bet we are going to
continue with our pocket pair flop comes
863 we check it over and they SE bet
here for 1/3 on the Flop and already we
want to be thinking about folding hands
like pocket sevens without a spade even
a hand like Ace Jack of clubs for two
overs in a back door fles draw these
hands should probably just be folds
right away the thing is in early vers
early spots most of our range has
something going on so a hand like Ace
Jack of clubs or Ace 10 of clubs or
pocket sevens these hands look like they
have something going on but when you
think about our range as a whole these
hands are more near the bottom of our
range than the top of our range in a
tight configuration when a winning
player three bets us early vers early
they know that we're opening tight so
their three bet range is probably going
to be very tight so when they are C
betting early versus early in a three
bet pot in this tight configuration we
just need to realize that almost every
hand in our range is going to look like
it has something going on but we should
be continuing pretty pretty tight
because their range is very very strong
all right next we should be over folding
on a high boards so we open in the cut
off a winning player three bets on the
button flop comes Ace 85 this is a wide
configuration so we're going to continue
once they can just have some more hands
here in the range we want to be check
raising here a lot but no real reason to
check raise this specific hand so we are
going to call turns a four they double
barrel once again wide configuration
we've got top pair so we're going to
continue one more time now the river is
a four we check it over once again and
villain is going to triple barrel here
on this ace high board and in the spot
they're supposed to triple barrel with
complete airballs hands like Queen 10 of
Spades or queen Jack of Hearts remember
these hands would have to start seab
betting on the Flop just C betting a
complete airball like Queen Jack of
Hearts double barrel on the turn and
then triple barrel on the river and I
just don't think even winning players
are finding triple barrel Bluffs with
these type of hands also they're
supposed to be triple barreling a lot of
their diamonds here as well now it's
really easy to find the cab bet with
King 10 of diamonds on the Flop and
double barrel on the turn but a lot of
Rags get squeamish when they have these
hands that are quote unquote blocking
our folding range and unblocking our
calling range so I think a lot of Rags
here just give up with diamonds on the
river but even if they Barrel the
diamonds I just don't think they're
finding the Bluffs with the suited
Broadways with no back doors that triple
barrel in the spot so Ace High boards we
should be over folding it is hard to
find enough intuitive Bluffs on these
Ace High boards so in general even in
wide configurations they are under
bluffed next we should be over folding
in four bet pots as well so a winning
player opens in the cut off we're going
to three bet in the small blind with
pocket queens and now they put in a four
bet in position we got Queens so we're
going to call flop comes low low low we
check they bet quarter pot call turn is
a blank the innocuous nine of clubs we
check they double barrel we put in the
call again we go to a river which is a
deuce we check it over and now they go
all in so the triple bar Bluffs in the
spot are supposed to be hands like King
Jack suited King 10 suited ace4 suited
turning a pair of fours into a bluff and
I would just ask do they even for bet
these hands enough pre flop when they're
in position 200 big blinds deep here is
their forb bet range in equilibrium do
they find these forbs with King Jack
King 10 King n ace4 78 and I would just
argue no they do not find enough forets
here which means getting to the river
they just don't have enough Bluffs so we
should be overfolded all right we talked
about spots we to over fold now let's
talk about spots where we should maybe
consider over calling where Rags might
be bluffing too much we should be
considering overcalling in wide
configurations on double Broadway boards
in single raise pots and in small to
medium pots so let me show you a few
examples so a winning player opens on
the button we call in the big blind with
A6 of Hearts we flop middle pair check
it over they see bet we call turn we
check it over they double barrel for the
overb size well wide configuration we've
got middle pair so we're going to call
one more time now they rivered the
innocuous Queen of Hearts and they
triple barrel here on this River and in
this particular spot which maybe the
widest configuration button versus big
blind single race pot it's actually
really really easy and intuitive for
them to find Bluffs 97 107 busted Spade
draws any five with an overcard right
because they're range is so wide pre-
flop they just have a lot of intuitive
Bluffs getting to the river and when our
opponents have a lot of intuitive Bluffs
when the Bluffs are easy to find that's
when we should be considering calling
quite a bit next spot we should be
considering over calling is on these
double Broadway boards so we open in the
cut off winning player three buts on the
button we call Queen 104 we check it
over they see bet we call turn is a
deuce we check it over they double
barrel we're going to call once again
with second pair we get to the river
which is a blank we check it over and
now they triple on this River so this is
the spot because they have a wide range
because they have a lot of intuitive
Bluffs like King Jack and Jack n they're
actually supposed to be giving up with
almost all of their Spade draws here the
combo draws like 98 of Spades the ace
high Spade draws like Ace n of Spades
Ace Jack of Spades these hands are just
supposed to be give UPS on the river if
we rewind back to the Flop here we go
all the way back to the Flop When They
Se bet they're not supposed to be seab
betting range here even on a double
Broadway board and I would argue that
they may just be seab betting range here
which means they're going to end up
getting to the river with just too many
hands that should have checked back the
Flop hands like Ace King or Ace Jack
that are pretty natural triple barrel
Bluffs that probably should have been
checked back on the Flop at a high
frequency so these double Broadway
boards particularly in wide
configurations cut off first button
three bet pot these are spots where
winning players also tend to overbluff
so we should tend to get quite sticky
the next exploit we want to make to
crush winning players we want to fast
play value in spots that they under
Bluff why they won't put in money for us
with Bluffs they just don't have enough
Bluffs and they have a very very strong
range in these spots so we just
shouldn't expect them to fold strong
hands when their whole range is very
very strong so let me explain so this
time we open pocket eights we're going
to look at this early versus early 3 Bet
pot configuration again a very tight
spot and the Flop comes 863 we check it
over and our opponent see bets for $40
and if you remember earlier this was a
spot we should have been over folding
with hands that look strong hands like
pocket sevs and Ace jacket clubs just
because our opponent in this
configuration has such a tight value
heavy range so therefore when we have
value in this spot we probably should
just be piling in money if we check St
raise to 5x on this board in equilibrium
our opponent is supposed to start
folding hands like nines 10 Jacks
without a spade almost pure here to a
big check raise on the Flop and I would
argue that that just doesn't happen Jax
looks like a very strong hand on this
board but the thing is our opponent's
range is almost all very strong hands so
in the spot where they are under
bluffing where they just have a super
strong range if we just flop strong
hands let's just put the money in for
them we just don't have much fold Equity
they're just not folding as much as
they're supposed to and we could just
Pile in the money against a strong range
that we beat the inverse of this is we
want to trap in spots where they over
Bluff why because unlike fish winning
players have some common spots that they
tend to over Bluff so in these spots
they will put in more money for us if
they have a value hand and they will
also tend to put in money for us with
their Bluffs so let me show you so we
see here we open pcket 10 in the cut off
winning player three bets on the button
we call and the Flop comes Queen 104 we
check it over and we see here wide vers
wide configuration if you remember this
is a spot where they tend to oversee
it's a spot where they tend to find too
many Bluffs on these double Broadway
boards so this may be a good spot to
actually trap because if our opponent
has a strong hand like Ace queen or
pocket kings they're going to put the
money in for us across three streets and
if they have a hand like King Jack Jack
n maybe even a hand like Ace King or Ace
Jack they're probably just going to
triple barrel too much on this board so
we can get in a ton of money by just
letting them continue to have the
initiative here both when they have
value and when they have Bluffs finally
when it comes to us bluffing winning
players we want to under Bluff in spots
they're supposed to fold strong hands
and then we can over Bluff in spots
they're supposed to call weak hands so
let me show you an example of each all
right so in this one villain opens from
the lowjack we three bet in the hijack
with Ace five of diamonds they're going
to call flop com 764 so we flop a big
combo draw here we see bat on the Flop
they call we Barrel on the turn they
call and we get to the river which is a
deuce and this is a spot where we should
actually probably tone down the Bluffs
it is a tight configuration early versus
early in a three bet pot and in this
spot when we triple barrel they're
actually supposed to fold relatively
strong hands here if we Jam this River
they're supposed to fold hands like
Jacks 10 nines at a relatively high
frequency here and I just don't believe
that happens because jacks or tens or
Nines in the spot that just looks like a
very strong hand looks like an over pair
on this board so when our opponent has a
bunch of big over pairs in range that
just means naturally that they're
supposed to fold some overpays on the
river and I would not trust even winning
players to make big laydowns like pocket
jacks or pocket t on this River so I
would just be giving up if we had a hand
like Ace five of diamonds finally in
this one we open nine7 of clubs on the
button winning player calls in the big
blind we are just going to see BET our
entire range even against winning
players they call turn is a four they
check it over we are going to double
barrel for a big size we get to this
river which is the innocuous four of
hearts and on this River I would
probably be emptying the clip at a high
frequency the reason being here even
winning players are going to raise hands
like 86 suited pocket sixes pocket 3es
at too high of a frequency on the Flop
when the board is wet and dynamic so
getting to this River the best hand
they're going to have at a high
frequency is going to be a hand like 8X
now they could have 4X of Spades
occasionally here and there but they're
just not going to have the traps the
pocket eights the sixes the threes those
are just going to get raised off at a
high frequency early in the hand so on
this River when we go Allin since our
opponent's range is not that strong
they're supposed to be calling a high
percentage of the time even for the 2.5x
jam when they have a hand like 87 of
diamonds or King six of clubs and I
don't know about you but I feel a lot
better about making a winning player
fold a weak top pair or second pair than
I do in overpair so in these situations
where they're supposed to call with weak
hands that is the situation where I
would be over bluffing winning players
so as you can see there is a lot more
Nuance to exploit winning players than
there is fish against fish it just tends
to be well they under Bluff so we over
fold and they get to the river with too
wide of a range so we should just over
Bluff against winning players it is a
lot more Nuance but hopefully this video
shows you that even winning players can
be crushed and can be exploited I hope
you enjoyed this video and it turned you
into the biggest boy possible thank you
and have a gentle day