he difference between playing a 100 pig
blind and 200 pig blind poker is
absolutely massive and if you're not
making these key adjustments you could
be torching your bank roll I'm going to
reveal the changes you need to make from
pre flop through the river and show you
exactly how to punish your opponents
whether they're playing shallow or
sitting super deep plus there's one huge
adjustment almost every player misses
and I'll show you what this is ready
let's jump in all right so let's start
with pre-f flap and first we'll discuss
the differ between our open and three
bet ranges at 200 versus 100 big blinds
at 200 big blinds we're going to open
more suited and connected type cards
we're going to be able to continue wider
from in position and we're going to
generally prefer larger sizes at 100 big
blinds we're going to prefer more High
cards than suited and connected we're
going to have to continue tighter when
we are in position in facing three bets
and we're generally going to open and
three bet for smaller sizes so you see
here this is a 200 big blind opening
range from the lowjack see we got a lot
of these pseud connectors in here 65 76
87 we've got a lot of these 8X type
hands King 7 king8 suited you see the
only offit hands we're opening are kind
of king queen Ace Jack Ace Queen Ace
King so really really tight on the offit
high card side and just lots of suited
combos that we are opening versus at 100
piig blinds here from the lowjack we're
opening almost the same percentage of
hands but you see how it's shifted now
and now we're opening more of these
offit varieties the ace 10 off King Jack
Queen jack off and way less of the
suited hands you see the suited
connectors don't even really make it in
there at 100 big blinds because when we
are playing shallow it's just so much
more important to make top pair making
straights making flushes is just not
going to be nearly as important because
when we make a good top pair we're
generally just playing for all the money
at 100 big blinds whereas at 200 big
blinds top pair is usually not going to
be good enough to play for all of the
money so we want to make more hands are
going to make straights and flushes all
right and now let's talk about facing
three bets when we're in position so we
open it up on the button here and the
small blind is going to three bet let's
look at what our continue range looks
like at 200 big blinds we're just
continuing very very wide in position to
a small blind three bet now I didn't
delineate here between which hands are
getting four bet and which hands are
getting C we're going to talk about that
in just a minute I just wanted to show
how wide We are continuing here when we
open the button and the small blind
three bets and we are 200 100 big blinds
deep now let's say same situation and we
open on the button here we open a little
bit smaller this time because we notice
both blinds are a little bit more
shallow both playing a 100 big blinds
here and now the small blind is going to
three bet so what does our continue
range in the same exact spot look like
versus a small blind three bet when we
are 100 big blinds so you see here at
100 big blinds effective we are just
continuing much much tighter this looks
like a chart that we're all familiar
with it's just going to be our pretty
good hands a lot of our suited
connectors are kind of right on the
border between calling and folding it's
just because the spr is going to be so
low we just don't really have implied
odds when the small blind only starts
the hand 100 big blinds so once again
the 200 big blind range you see how wide
we're continuing to a small blind 4x3
bet and the 100 big blind range you see
how tight we are continuing to a small
blind 4x3 bet all right before we move
on to the Flop let's briefly talk about
four betting and you see here at 200 big
blinds we want to be polar from in
position when we're for betting and
linear from out of position at 100 big
blinds we want to be both polar from in
position and out of position so what
does this mean let me explain so first
let's talk about 200 big blinds in
position so we open the button once
again small blind three bets we are a
thousand effective so what type of hands
would we like to for bet here so we've
already talked about our general
continuing range but what is our general
kind of holistic strategy what hands are
forbing when we are in position 200 Big
lines effective when we are in position
and for betting we generally want to go
with a polarized strategy what does this
mean well the very top of our range
hands like Aces kings ace King suited
maybe some Ace King off in Pocket Queens
so are very very good hands and then
maybe a few hands plucked from the
bottom of our continuing range maybe the
worst hands that we may continue as a
call usually the worst King X and acex
varieties so hands like Ace 8 suited
ace6 suited king9 suited the reason why
we want to go polar when we are in
position because we're going to have the
edge with positional Advantage so
therefore we don't really want to be
forb betting the upper middle of our
range hands like pocket Jacks pocket
tens Ace queen stuff like that these
hands when in position are just going to
work much better as a call but we can't
just foret our very good hands hands
like Aces kings ace King suited or else
we' be very easy to play against so
therefore we pull kind of the four bet
Bluff from the bottom of our continue
range and I just want to point out here
this doesn't mean we're for betting
absolute trash we're not going to pick
hands like king8 offit or ace4 offit
whatever right same exact type of
concept here when we're 100 big blinds
in position we want to be polarized you
see maybe the composition of our hand
shifts maybe to more like King jack off
Ace 10 off type hands blocking our
opponent having Ace King pocket kings
Aces that type of stuff and this is just
because when we're 100 big lines
effective generally our forb bet is
going to be kind of like an Allin we
don't really have any sizing here when
our opponent chooses this 4X size from
the small blind so having that tread of
playability is less important having
those kind of blocking properties a
little bit more important at 100 big
blinds but generally the same strategy
we want to be calling a lot when we are
in position even at 100 big Linds we're
going to have positional Advantage so we
don't really have incentive to kind of
for bet the middle of our range so both
at 100 big blinds and 200 Big Lins when
we are in position generally we want to
for bet the very best hands the top of
our range and kind of the worst hands
that we would consider continuing with
as a call where our forb bet strategy is
going to differ is when we are out of
position as the forb let's say we open
in a cut off and now the button three
bets and which hand should we forb here
first when we are 200 big blinds from
out of position then we'll talk about
100 all right so from out of position at
200 Big lines we want to go very very
linear and we see this range looks much
different already than our inos range we
see we're just for betting here tens
Jacks Ace Jack suited king queen suited
Ace Queen suited we're just for betting
our very very good hand why is this well
if you think about what's going to
happen here quite a bit our opponent on
the button when they three bet to $75 is
probably going to have a lot of good
hands and then when we for bet we're
still going to have a lot of stock depth
left behind so our opponents in position
are generally just incentivized to
continue as a call which means we're
going to want hands that out pip them
makes sense to forb bet hands like Ace
Queen suited and king queen suited if
they're going to continue with hands
like Ace 10 suited Ace 5 suited Queen
Jack suited we just want hands that have
playability post flop and are going to
be able to outand our opponents when
they continue as a call so once again
this is that range of 200 big blinds for
betting from out of position very very
linear now you see here at 100 big
blinds when we're for betting out of
position we're going quite polar once
again so you see here the top of our
range Jax plus Ace King off Ace King
suited all of these hands are just kind
of forbing for value and then our Bluffs
once again are coming from kind of these
blocker hands King 10 suited Ace 9
suited Ace Queen off type stuff the ace
Queen off pretty good for us when our
opponent folds a hand like pocket eights
or pocket 9es then we're also in pretty
decent shape when our opponent calls it
off with jacks or 10 or whatever so you
see here at 100 big blinds effective
when we are going to be out of position
our for bet range is just going to be
polar here when we for bet it's
generally going to be either for a very
big size or it's going to be kind of for
an Allin size especially in live poker
where opponents use large three bet
sizes so we don't really want to be
going linear because in general our
opponents aren't going to be doing a lot
of calling when we Jam so we just kind
of want the top of range and then some
Bluffs to to kind of hopefully generate
some folds all right next let's move on
to the Flop so we're going to start with
in position and you see here at 200 big
blinds the adjustments are we're
generally going to use larger cabet
sizes and continue a little bit wider to
check races on the flap and at 100 big
blinds just sizing down when we see bet
and generally continuing much much
tighter to check races so let's show a
couple of examples we're going to open
on the button in general I'm just
choosing larger sizes playing live poker
when both of the blinds are sitting 200
big blinds effective because players are
going to be under three betting and just
kind of over defending even till a 4X or
5x open size we see the big blind is
going to call flop comes Jack n Deuce
what do you know and when he checks it
over my cab bet size here generally just
going to be around half pot because I
believe that is the size where they
raise off their strong stuff and call
with their weak stuff so I go half pot
here and now our opponent check raises
here and we've got kind of a crappy gut
shot even an eight does not make us the
nuts but when we're this deep and we're
in position we've got a lot of options
often times our opponent is going to be
relatively face up with their hand
strength on the turn for example if an
eight comes we just get to cooler our
opponent when they have two pair or sets
when a spade comes our opponents will
sometimes slow down and then we can get
them off of some of their stronger hands
so we just have a lot of options we have
a lot of room to maneuver when we are
deep I would call here even with just a
naked kind of garbage gut shot now we
see both blinds only playing a 100 big
blind so I'm going to open a little bit
smaller on the button here maybe even an
argument for opening 3x instead of four
and the big blind is going to call flop
comes Jack n deuce and just going to
choose a smaller seab size here to leave
us a little bit more room to maneuver
across turns and rivers so I go about
oneir pot here instead of half pot you
see here the general pattern smaller
open sizes smaller seet sizes and now
our opponent check raises and when our
opponent check raises only has about 400
behind here so just not much room to
maneuver so if we do have kind of a
crappy gut shot here whereas a 200 big
blinds we'd be continuing at 100 big
blinds here I would just be folding and
one other example want to talk about
these ace high kind of static dry boards
because I do play these textures a
little bit differently I don't just
range bet on these boards so in these
situations I'm generally playing an
overb or check strategy because our
opponents do not call with their weak
stuff or raise their strong stuff on
these kind of dry static textures this
would be a situation where 200 big
blinds deep having bottom pair where I
may just run it planning a triple barrel
Bluff because I do think I can get our
opponent to fold hands as strong as Ace
Queen Ace Jack Ace 10 by the river when
we're 200 big blinds deep so this would
be one of kind of my overb Bluffs having
bottom pair here because in general I
think blockers are overrated but on this
particular texture where our opponent is
not going to fast play all the time
hands like pocket fours or ace four or
74 suited having that four in our hand
really cuts down on the combos of super
strong hands our opponents can have and
I think by the river here we can
generally get our opponent to fold
almost all of their top pairs so this
would be one of my overb Bluffs on the
Flop planning to try to get our opponent
to fold top Pair by the river conversely
if we're only 100 big blinds effective
here I am generally just not going to be
doing pretty much any overb bluffing
just want to check back to see what my
opponent does on the turn and then if my
opponent comes out and checks on the
turn then we can just take our Showdown
value or if we just have a hand like
Jack high or something like that we can
start bluffing on the turn if our
opponent checks because now they have
capped themselves they've given us
information that they don't have as much
of the strong stuff in their range and
if our opponent comes out and just bets
on the turn well if we have a hand like
this we've got third pair we've got a
gut shot we can just continue we don't
need to bloat the pot we don't need to
turn bottom pair into a bluff when we're
100 big blinds deep because our opponent
is not going to be folding top pair all
right now let's talk about playing the
Flop from out of position so you see at
200 big blinds generally just a fan of
checking my range from out of position
because Live players in general tend to
over stab and Telegraph their hand
strength with their bet sizing so I'm
going to check my range quite a bit at
200 bigs and when we do check and we're
going for a check raise we need to go a
little bit less thin for Value we need
to be careful about value owning
ourselves when playing for all the money
so we'll talk about that in one second
we see the difference at 100 big blinds
I'm just coming out and betting my
strong hands myself because we can get
all the money in by just going bet bet
bet but I'm still going to be checking a
lot of my semi Bluffs and weekends we
can just go a lot thinner for value at
100 big blinds when we're playing for
all the money so let me show you a few
examples and we will walk through this
right now so first let's talk about 200
big blinds from out of position we open
pocket kges button calls Jack n Deuce
look at that sweet baby there just
checking my entire range because this is
a situation when we have a strong value
hand our opponent's generally just going
to stab a lot on a wet Dynamic board
like this so when our opponent stabs we
can put in the big boy check raise when
we have a hand like pocket kings and try
to get our opponent to play for all of
the money when they have a hand like Ace
Jack or an ace high flush draw or a
combo draw or something like that and we
can generally just play a two Street
game here and get in all the money
whereas if we just went bet bet bet with
pocket kings it would be very hard for
us to play for all the money in a single
race pot starting off 200 big blinds
effective we would have to use egregious
sizes so I guess it's possible but just
much easier at 200 Big lines to get in
all the money by employing this kind of
check Ray strategy when we have very
strong hands also when we have a draw or
a semi Bluff here like Queen 10 would
also want to be checking because what
happens when we check here our opponent
is going to Telegraph their hand
strength with their action if our
opponent checks back that just means
with pretty high certainty they don't
have top pair two pair a set we've just
been given impunity to Bluff across
turns and rivers if our opponent bets
small that generally means on a wet
Dynamic board that they don't have top
of range hands like pocket NES pocket
Deuces Jack n suited Ace Jack because
those hands would just bet bigger so if
our opponent bets small we can just
check raise and apply a ton of pressure
with a hand like Queen 10 and then if
our opponent bets big what we know they
just have a lot of strong hands in the
range and we're just going to continue
passively here as a call and not Pile in
a bunch of money against a range that is
super strong so by checking with our
draws semi Bluffs and air here we just
get a lot of information about the
strength of our opponent's hand and we
kind of get to play perfectly where as
you see here same situation starting off
a 100 big blinds effective with pocket
kings we don't really have quite as much
incentive to check raise because we can
just go bet bet bet and get in all the
money quite easily by the river never
using an overb size and the thing about
check raising is it does allow us to
Pile in a ton of money but it does
slightly increase our fold Equity so by
just going bet bet bet we can often get
our opponent to call with a slightly
weaker range than would continue with
the check rise now at 100 big blinds
this is really really nice because just
by going bet bet bet we're still getting
all the money from their strong hands
that we beat like Ace Jack Queen Jack
Etc but we may also get herar it a
little bit lighter here with a hand like
9x or pocket 10 that is just not
believing whereas at 200 big blinds
we're less concerned about winning money
from hands like pocket 10s and 9x we
just want to be able to cooler the top
of our opponent's range and make sure
we're getting in all the money when our
opponent has a hand like Ace Jack which
is much more important when we're 200
Big lines deep than 100 at 100 big
blinds though again if we did have a
hand like Queen 10 here would also be
checking just like at 200 big blinds
kind of our weak hands our draws our air
want to check here because when our
opponent does check back we know with
pretty high certainty we can Lop off the
strongest hands in their range which
means our Bluffs are going to print
across turns and rivers so we would like
for our opponent to cap themselves
because that's when our Bluffs are going
to be most profitable now let's jump
into turns and we see here at 200 big
blinds we generally just want to empty
the clip they will mostly be in elastic
on turns and elastic on Rivers they're
going to have a lot of hands on the turn
top pair good kicker or ace high flesh
draw King High flesh draw open and
straight draw these type of hands are
just never going to fold the turn in a
million years at big blinds even if we
overb but often times on Rivers these
hands are going to Shribble up in value
generally their top pair hands are going
to get way less sticky on rivers and not
want to play for 200 Pig blinds and not
only will the top pair be a lot more
elastic on Rivers but most of their
draws if their draws brick of course the
draws will be elastic on Rivers as well
and inelastic simply means they're just
not folding for any size where elastic
means they're going to be very very
price sensitive now we see here at 100
big lines and this is that big
adjustment that I referenced at the
start of the video that most players
missed do not try to get your opponents
to fold top pair so we see here we're
only really emptying the clip at 100 big
lines if our opponents do not have top
pair in their range so let me give you a
couple of examples First Let Me Show an
example where we're in position at 200
Big lines effective we see here with 78
suited going to open on the button our
opponent calls going to C bet on the
Flop now getting to the turn our
opponent is generally going to be capped
because they would raise off strong
hands on the Flop like Jack n suited
pocket 9 pocket Deuces when we choose a
small seab bet size on a wet dynamic
board our opponents are going to be
capped but they're going to be in
elastic on a lot of turns ace high flesh
draws Queen 10 108 suited these hands
are just never folding even for a big
size we're just going to choose a very
very large size here on the turn
planning to empty the clip on blanks
because we think on a lot of blank
Rivers for example in offit 4 the best
hand our opponent is going to have is
going to be top pair type hand and those
hands just don't want to play for all
the money of 200 big blinds and a lot of
their range also is just going to be
draws which are just going to snap fold
on the the river to any size if we just
play for the money on blank Rivers our
opponent is going to be quite elastic
we're just going to be able to get
almost a range fold so by bloating this
pot up on the turn we're just creating a
bigger pot for us to take away on the
river but when we're 100 big blinds
effective we're not going to be able to
make our opponent fold top pair on a
board like this almost ever they're just
hanging on they're not folding Ace Jack
King Jack Queen Jack Jack 10 even to a
jam on the river cuz we just don't have
enough money behind to put the fear into
to our opponents we can play one of two
strategies on this turn number one we
could go quite small on this turn again
to keep our opponent's range even wider
getting to the river by going small on
this turn we can entice our opponent to
call with hands like eights sevens sixes
maybe some du X maybe some hands like
ace4 of clubs that floated on the flap
maybe some gut shots but just by going
small on this turn we keep our
opponent's range quite wide then we have
more hands that our opponents will fold
we just get them to try to fold that
wide weak range that we kept in by going
small on the turn the other option which
I think is also a solid move as well
just going big here on the turn like we
went at 200 big blinds yes our
opponent's going to have a lot of top
parent range but they're also going to
have open and straight draws flush draws
combo draws Etc and we can just get the
draw portion of the range that bricks to
fold quite a bit on rivers and then our
strategy deviates at 200 big blinds from
100 big blinds on the river both times
we're going big on the turn but at 100
big blinds we may size down on Rivers
not trying to get our opponents to fold
top pair just trying to get them to fold
those big draws that called the big bet
on the turn but are now going to fold on
a lot of brick Rivers now when we're out
of position same general concepts but a
bit of nuance added here so let's say we
open kingt in the cut off our opponent's
going to call we're 200 big blinds
effective here and like we talked about
at 200 big blinds just checking range
out of position let's say our opponent
checks back what is our opponent's range
when they check back on this board well
we can Lop off the top of their range
all the top pair plus basically are
going to bet on a wet Dynamic board
they're just going to have air and
Showdown value that's going to be the
majority of their range well if we just
come out and bet here we can get The
Showdown value to call once and then
maybe fold on the river which is pretty
good we can just get the air to fold
right away which is pretty good but if
we check here again often times their
Showdown value their 9x their pocket 8s
pocket sevens will take a stab for us
and the air they check back on the Flop
but just nothing going on like seven six
of hearts or something like that if we
check to them twice well often times
they'll just take a stab at it so if we
check both The Showdown value and the
air are going to put in money for us
here and now what happens is how do we
maximize fold Equity well we can go for
this massive check just knowing our
opponent does not have top of range here
because all of those hands would bet on
the flap the only strong hand we can
really run into here is a hand like
pocket 3 is very small part of the range
so we can just go for the big boy check
race here on the turn if our opponent
calls we just put in the big boy jam on
the river and get our opponent to fold
almost everything now if we're 100 big
blinds effective same general concept we
want to be checking our weak hands our
air our draws on the Flop to kind of see
what our opponent does and try to get
them to cap themselves so we check here
on the Flop our opponent checks back and
when our opponent checks back on a wet
Dynamic board our opponent just really
doesn't have top pair and you know at
100 big blinds that big adjustment we
need to make don't try to get our
opponents to fold top pair if they don't
have top pair if the strongest hand they
have here is a hand like pocket 10 or
ace9 or something like that well in that
case now we have free reain to empty the
clip even at 100 big blinds because
we're not trying to get our opponent to
fold top pair they don't have top pair
right we're just trying to get them to
fold everything else now do we want to
check raise here the thing about check
raise is we don't really have a ton of
Stack depth to maneuver if our opponent
stabs so starting this hand 200 Big
lines I may go for the check raise to
maximize fold Equity cuz we're going to
be able to put in a big boy check raise
then Jam the river whereas at 100 big
lines we don't really have the stack
depth to do that but we can just go
overb here and if our opponent calls we
go for another overb on the river just
knowing that our opponent does not have
Jack X at any reasonable frequency we
can just get nearly a range fold here
and this is one of the times where we do
want to empty the clip at 100 big lines
when we know with pretty high certainty
that our opponent does not have top pair
let me show you a very similar example
where this does not apply so now let's
say we open Jack 10 or 100 big blinds
effective flop comes a74 we're just
checking with our weak hands our air our
draws to our opponent and our opponent
checks it back well what does this mean
and how is this different from the jack9
dece board well in this particular
situation when the board is static and
dry when our opponents are in position
they're still going to bet their hands
like pocket sevens pocket fours ace4 A7
their super strong hands get bet but
this is one of those boards where our
opponent might just check back some top
pair they may check back if they have a
hand like Ace 5 Ace 6 Ace 10 here so we
can't really rule out our opponent
having top pair here so when we're 100
big blinds effective this would not be a
situation where I just blast the turn
and blast the river so just showing a
little bit of nuance here I probably
would just check again on the turn if
our opponent bet well I'm probably just
folding and if our opponent checks back
we know our opponent does not have top
pair now we can just come out on the
river use that big boy overb side and
just try to get our opponent to fold
their Showdown value versus same
situation when we're 200 big blinds
effective now once again checking my
entire range out of position at 200 big
blinds and now on this turn going to
check again and when our opponent stabs
players just let fear and greed Drive
their decision so if they do have a hand
like sens fours ace7 ace4 those hands
generally stab the flap but they do have
some top pair here right they do have
some ACE 10 Ace 9 ace5 ace3 Etc that
would check back because the board is
dry and static at 200 big blinds I
believe we can get our opponents to fold
a especially their weak top pair at a
high frequency so this is the situation
where I'm going for that check raise and
the River Jam to try to get our opponent
to fold their top pair so we see here
that subtle delineation at 200 big
blinds we are planning to try to get our
opponent to fold a lot of stuff on the
river including top pair at 100 big
blinds we are generally not trying to
get our opponent to fold top pair and
the times when we're emptying the clip
at 100 big blinds is when we are quite
confident that our opponent does not
have top pair in their range finally
let's put it all together and talk about
rivers when our opponents get to the
river and they are capped at 200 big
blinds once again mostly they're going
to be elastic with a lot of their range
which means they might fold some strong
hands which means generally our Bluffs
are going to want to be larger and our
value is going to want to be smaller
then at 100 big blinds where our
opponents are going to be quite in
elastic getting to the river which means
they're not going to fold strong hands
right so generally our Bluffs are going
to want to be small at 100 big blinds
and our value is going to want to be
larger when our opponents are capped so
when our opponents are uncapped when the
river brings in a flushing card it pairs
top pair Etc when our opponents can have
super strong hands our Bluffs are going
to want to be small at 100 big blinds
and our value almost always wants to go
small because our opponents will raise
their strong hands and call with their
weak hands but this is just talking
about when our opponents are capped when
the river does not change the nuts so we
see here 200 Big lines we open 7even
eight of spades our opponent calls C
half pot our opponent calls we're going
to go with that big chunky overb size on
the turn because we think our opponent
is in elastic on the turn they're not
folding top pair they're not folding
straight draws and flesh draws we get to
the river the river is pretty much a
blank Here and Now what is the best hand
our opponent can have with any
reasonable frequency Ace Jack King Jack
something like that and I would ask in
the situation if we did get to this
River with a hand like pocket NES what
size would we go to make sure we get
called by Ace Jack probably not 2x pot
right I don't think most opponents
specifically in live poker are willing
to play for Stacks 200 big blinds deep
with just single pair hands if we had
pocket 9es maybe we go 400 here maybe
450 or 500 if we're getting real greedy
but probably not jamming if we have
pocket NES because we think our opponent
will fold top pair so what does that
mean when we get here with the bluff
well we think our opponent will fold top
pair if we move all in when our opponent
is capped getting to the river when we
are 200 Big lines deep we are just
putting the money in because our
opponents are going to be elastic on
Rivers which means they're going to be
price sensitive and we see here at 100
big blinds same situation opening a
little bit smaller C betting a little
smaller and we have two options on the
turn we could either choose the big size
and now when our opponent calls we know
getting to the river their range is
going to be split in two categories
they're either going to have top pair
which we don't think is folding even for
an overb size here because absolute
dollars talk we only have 375 behind I
would not think our opponent is folding
a hand like Ace Jack King Jack Queen
Jack for 375 bucks even though it isn't
overb but our opponent also has a bunch
of ace high fles draws King High flush
draws Queen High straight draws 10 high
straight draws Etc that get to this
River in this manner so maybe on this
River we would just want to bet very
small to get our opponents to fold their
better draws other option with the eight
High here is to go small on the turn in
try to entice our opponent to call with
hands like pocket sixes or dece X or gut
shots or stuff like that our opponent's
going to be a little bit wider a little
bit weaker getting to the river and once
again we're not trying to fold top pair
we're just trying to get them to fold
hands like their busted draws their dece
X their pocket sixes that are going to
be quite elastic to a triple barrel
don't need to go big to make that happen
maybe go 40 50 60 bucks here on this
River to try to get our opponent to fold
those hands all right guys so hopefully
this was helpful on the key adjustments
between 200 big blind and 100 big blind
poker and that one thing to keep in mind
in general don't try to get our
opponents to fold top pair when only 100
big blinds effective hope this video
helps and turns you into the biggest boy
possible thank you guys and have a
gentle day