can you exploit players just from seeing
one or two showdowns we're going to take
four players and have them play a couple
of hands then I'll show you how I create
a strategy that massively exploits their
mistakes in just a couple of seconds
I'll explain why I believe if you're not
exploiting you are leaving a ton of
money on the table all right let's meet
the players first we've got brand who
plays one 12 in San Antonio Kevin a one
two player and YouTuber in New Hampshire
deac who plays 25 in India and Tim a 25
player from Florida all right so I had
each player play several different hands
on several different boards in Rapid
Fire succession basically I wanted to
simulate the environment of live poker
and then we edited it and pulled one or
two hands from each player to figure out
how we might think about exploiting them
we're going to start with Brandt from
San Antonio let's jump in we have pocket
10 here on the button we're playing 25
villain is an unknown in the small blind
and we are going to open on the button
of $20 villain is going to three bet to
80 and we are going to call flop comes
Queen 85 with a fles draw out there now
the small blind is going to check it
over to us the pre- Flop razor and our
options in this spot we can either bet
small we can bet large or we can check
back so if you just want to spend like
30 seconds walk me through like your
thought process and what you would
probably do in game against a player who
checked to you from the small blind out
small here and just continue with the
aggression that we were showing kind of
depending how aggressive he is re
raising he has Ace King suited flush
draw he might raise there so I think I'd
bet small okay so like one thir pot
something like that yeah 50 here he is
going to call turn is a deuce it just
goes check check on the turn and it goes
check check on the river and we win with
pocket TS against Ace King okay so my
first observation on brand When I See
This pocket 10's hand go to Showdown is
he's probably probably stabbing too wide
if we take a look here at our handy
dandy solver don't worry I won't get too
into the weeds we see pocket T is
supposed to check back somewhere around
80% of the time now can we be sure he's
stabbing tens all the time no probably
not but it's already something I'm
starting to think about so let's pay
attention and watch one more Showdown
and see if we can deduce anything else
about this player this time we have
pocket fives on the button we're going
to open to 20 small blind's going to
three bet of course and we are going to
call this time we flop bottom set here
in a three bet pot so pretty good for us
he's going to check it over to us the
options are check 1/3 or 2/3 yeah so I
think I'd go 2/3 because there's a lot
of draws and combos that he could have
in his range that he's going to continue
with with the flush draws straight draws
out there perfect so we go 2/3 he calls
turn we're just going to Barrel again
trying to get the money in he calls
River a three we put the money in and he
calls and of course we are good here
with po pocket fives aha so now we see
when he had pocket 10 for kind of a
showdown value thin value hand he
stabbed with a small size and when he
had pocket fives a very nutted hand
bottom set he used a big size so here
are some of the exploits I would be
considering making right away so we'll
play as the villain in the small blind
here we're going to three bet pre flop
and brand is going to call my first
adjustment here I'm going to consider a
range check out of position because his
player is stabbing too frequently and he
may just be slightly telegraphing his
hands strength with his bet size and
then when I see him use this small size
whenever I have anything that doesn't
have any Showdown value but has a shred
of equity so maybe hand like 91 of
Hearts 6 seven of diamonds any spay draw
basically anything that doesn't have
Showdown value here I would consider
check raising right away because his
range is just not going to be able to
withstand the heat of a check rise here
if he is splitting his sizes and putting
at least some of his good hands into the
big size when he stabs small he's just
stabbing way too much and his is just
going to have to do a lot of folding so
this is the point to pounce if we have
anything with a shred of equity any type
of semi Bluff here we should be check
raising a ton and we are going to get a
bunch of folds next here when we see him
stab big and we just don't really have a
ton going on maybe an ace high hand
pocket NES pocket 10 pocket Jacks and
under pair to the board we should just
be massively overfolded right because
generally we could deduce enough
information just from two showdowns that
when he's splitting his sizes he is not
balanced and to make this exploit we
don't even need to make the conclusion
that when he stabs small small he always
has a weak hand and when he stabs big he
always has a strong hand no we are just
saying that it is more likely than not
he probably has too many strong hands in
the big size and probably too many weak
or Showdown value hands in the small
size so if we have just Showdown value
here a hand like pocket NES we should be
massively overfolded the other side of
the coin here when we have a good hand
when we have pocket eights when we have
pocket Queens even when we have an over
pair here Kings or Aces if we think he
can be doing this with sets top pair big
draws just good hands in general we
should just be check raising whenever we
have a hand that is doing well against
that range so if we have eights if we
have Queens if we have Kings or Aces
here we should just be piling in the
money and we should be setting up an spr
here where we can just easily get the
money in across turns the number one
mistake in the spot do not slow play
when we have a big hand if we know he
has a strong range and I can already see
people asking Mark aren't you unbalanced
in this spot it does not matter we are
responding to the fact that Brandt is
unbalanced and when he chooses this big
size his range is probably just too
strong he's not going to be folding is
going to be under bluffing so we should
just be piling in money whenever we have
super strong hands that are ahead of
that range the third point and I think
this is the most interesting One what
does it mean when he checks back on the
flap well we didn't see him check back
on the flap but we are ready can take
away a few conclusions because he's
stabbing a hand like pocket tens that
should probably just be checked back
almost all of the time so what does that
mean when he checks back well his range
is going to be absolutely crippled right
we saw he just chose the big size when
he had a good hand we saw he chose a
small size when he had kind of a
showdown value a thin value hand so that
means when he checks back he's just not
going to have enough good hands in his
checkback range his range is going to be
absolutely crippled he's not going to be
able to withstand heat so another reason
why it's so good to check our range from
out of position because if he does check
back on the Flop our Bluffs are just
going to have license to print across
turns say we get to this turn with a
hand like 9 10 of Hearts I would just be
choosing a large size here if he did
check back some type of Showdown value
he hand like AA to diamonds or some type
of draw he's probably going to call one
bet then we get to the river we know
with pretty high certainty he's just not
going to have enough good hands here if
he's betting a hand like pocket 10 on
the Flop that probably means he's
betting his Queen X all the time or
almost all the time and so here on this
River we can just go all in whenever we
have air we are just going to be able to
get a ton of folds on this River because
one of the mistakes players make when
they get to a spot like this on the
button when they have a very very weak
range they need to start calling with
very very weak Bluff catchers but so
many players think oh I'll just wait for
a better spot like I'll snap off when I
have Queen X or when I have a set or
when I have two pair but the reality is
they never get to this spot with Queen X
or a set or two pair and so what happens
is we end up getting nearly a range fold
in the spot because their range is so
weak getting to the turn or to the river
just because they bet off all of their
strong hands on the Flop so when players
are over stabbing when they check back
the Flop our Bluffs are going to print
so just a little summary here on how we
exploit brand observation one he's
probably stabbing too wide so we should
consider a range check from out of
position when he stabs small he's
probably just going to have too many
weak hands in that range so we should
consider check raising a ton with our
Bluffs whenever he uses the small size
when he stabs big it's probably just
going to be too strong of a range so we
should just massively
overfolded and he's not protecting his
checkback because he's stabbing too much
on the Flop so when the Flop does go
check check against the player that's
stabbing way too much on the Flop just
means their range is weak and our Bluffs
are going to print we open five in the
cut off button's going to three bet to
60 and we are going to call flop comes
653 so we flop middle set look at that
sweet baby there and we check it over
and he's going to see bet small here and
our options are fold call or raise let
me know what you're thinking obviously
it's either between raising and calling
uh not going to putting up on 74 that's
really high level stuff but yeah I'm
going to raise all right so we are going
to raise and what ends up happening here
is we Barrel the turny calls we make a
boat on the river we put the money in he
calls and we stack him this one we have
Ace Queen we're going to open the cut
off to 20 button three bits we are going
to call 653 we check it over he is going
to see bet small what are you thinking
we can fold call or raise with the ace
of hearts in our hand I think our hand
is good enough to call because it we do
have Showdown value uh having the Ace of
Hearts I'm definitely not folding yet so
I would I think I'm going to call okay
cool we are going to call turns at 10
and it actually goes Check check he
checks this one back now the river is a
three so it pairs the board and on this
River now we have the option of checking
it we can bet small 110 or we can bet
large 200 so those are the three options
let me know what you're thinking I think
in most cases I'm going to check with
the intention of probably calling river
goes check check and we show Ace queen
with the ace of hearts and we lose this
pot to the button all right so we saw
two hands from Kevin one where he fast
played a set on the flop in a three bet
pot and one where he just check called
when he had Ace queen with the Ace of
Hearts so what does this mean so we see
here pocket fivs are supposed to be
check raised they're supposed to be fast
played somewhere around 60% of the time
Kevin check raised one out of one times
obviously a small sample can we deduce
that he's doing it 100% of the time
probably not but my overall gut here is
the players are just fast playing on
this board when they have a strong hand
nearly 100% of the time so he's probably
fast playing slightly too much then we
see here when he has a hand like Ace
queen with the Ace of Hearts this hand
is actually supposed to be check race
bluffed at a pretty high frequency
somewhere around 34 35% of the time
again because he was passive in this
spot can we make the conclusion that
he's never check race bluffing no
probably not but from seeing just these
two hands I would probably start
thinking that Kevin like
99.9% of the live player pool is
probably fast playing his value a little
bit too much and probably playing his
semi Bluffs just a little bit too
passively so what does this mean for us
well if we had a hand like pocket aces
with the Ace of Hearts I would already
be feeling pretty precarious about this
spot of course we have the back door nut
flush draw we could still be beating
some of his value theoretically I guess
he could be doing this with a hand like
tens or jacks or Queens sometime for
protection so Aces with the Ace of
Hearts sometimes I guess we could
consider a continue here but if we did
have a hand like black pocket nines
probably would just be considering
folding right now we don't beat any of
his value and yes we are still ahead of
his Bluffs but players are probably
massively under bluffing here and they
are fast playing their value too much
which means when they check raise here
on this flap they are just going to be
weighted towards value way way way too
much and if we have a bluff catcher
where a player is under bluffing our
Bluff catchers are in general going to
be much more profitable as a fold than
as a continue so if I did have just a
hand like nines or tens here I would
probably just be considering throwing it
in the muck quite a bit right away and
if we did get to the spot with a hand
like pocket sixes for top set if we had
value here that could cooler his value I
would just be piling in all the money
right because when he check Rises his
flop he's probably going to be under
bluffing he's probably going to be fast
playing value too much there's no reason
for us to slow play when we have a very
good hand here let's just Pile in the
money against his very strong hands his
big combo draws his pair plus flush
draws Etc his range is just going to be
too strong he's going to be underfolding
if we put the money in on this flop so
now once again I want to talk about what
it means if hero just check calls on
this flop and then we go to a turn since
they are probably going to be fast
playing their value a little bit too
much that means when the turn in the
river don't change the nuts our Bluffs
are going to print because their range
is going to be too weak across turns and
rivers because they fast play all their
value right now what this is also going
to mean is when the turn brings in a
flush completing card or a straight
completing card they're probably going
to hit their draws a lot so we need to
proceed cautiously probably want to
consider sizing down or checking on draw
completing turns just because they're
probably going to play their draws a
little bit more passively so when the
draw comes in on the turn or the river
they are going to hit those hands a
little bit more than they should in
equilibrium all right so what we learned
about Kevin probably fast playing value
just a little bit too much so if he does
check call on the Flop our Bluffs will
print across turns and rivers and
probably just going to be a little bit
too passive with his Bluffs and draws so
we can just overfolded the check rays
and even on boards that are bad for us
we can probably just be SE betting our
range because when players just start
fast playing their value too much and
playing face up and not check raising
nearly enough with their Bluffs they're
just never going to be blowing us off
our equity we can get away with just SE
betting much more I would just be SE
betting my entire range against players
who are fast playing their value too
much and playing their draws too
passively all right so in this one we
have Queen Jack of Hearts we open in the
cut off to 20 button three bets and we
are going to call 653 with a couple of
Hearts we check he goes small and with
the queen High flesh draw we are going
to call here turn is a 10 check he
checks it back now the river is a three
pairing the bottom card and our options
on this River are either to check to bet
half pot or to bet around pot so walk me
through what you're thinking on this
River all his over pairs are snap
calling us betting pot here will make
really any sense I think half pot bet
makes most sense because some part of
his range is Ace Jack Ace Queen Ace
Kings which should fold for this size
I'm going half pot here in the river
perfect so we go half pot he is going to
call Un fortunately for us he's good
Okay cool so we have Ace three of Hearts
here and we are going to open the cut
off to $20 we're playing 25 and a
villain on the button is going to three
bet to 60 and we're going to call with a
suited Ace flop come
653 so we flop bottom pair and a flush
draw um we could raise we could call
here but we're going to decide just to
call here on the Flop cuz we got some
Showdown value with bottom pair turn is
a 10 we check now our opponent checks
back and the river is a three so we make
trips on this River and our options on
this River we can either come out and
bet half pot we can bet pot or we can
check it over to our opponent so let me
know what you're thinking on this River
I like betting both sides here because
some of the times these guys show up
with an ace Queen Ace King uh king queen
kind of a hand and they just feel that
they have a lot of Showdown value and
they'll just check it behind so I
definitely am betting here and I'm
betting pot so we are going to go just
under pot we get called and we are good
all right so first observations here on
deepo we see he used a small size after
the turn one check check when he got to
the river with a bluff and we see he
used a big size he got a little bit more
greedy when he got to the river with
value all right so the first exploit I'm
making against players who are going to
split their sizes with their Bluffs and
value on the river is I'm going to be
checking back a lot more on turns to
Bluff catch because essentially they're
turning their hand face up on a lot of
rivers and the more information we have
the bigger our Edge the more profitable
of a decision we can make so if we get
to this turn with a very very strong
hand hand like 10 I would just always be
betting here I wouldn't be checking
those back because we can just cooler a
lot of his value but if we do have
Showdown value here if we have a hand
like pocket sevens or pocket 9es or even
like an Ace King High type hand I would
strongly be considering checking back
with these hands a lot more on turns
because they are going to make our life
very very easy and very very profitable
on the river and when we do get to the
river and they use this small kind of
half pot size every time we get here
with Showdown value when we get here
with a hand like pocket sevens when we
get here with a hand like eights or
nines or Ace King or Ace Queen High we
are just calling we're SN in it off now
one thing I'll say you do run into an
occasional player here in the cut off
who will get to this River with a hand
like five four of diamonds or pocket
fours or something like that and they'll
just come out and monkey bet on this
River I'm not saying deac is doing this
at all but I think the player pull
sometimes does this so if you do face a
player who in the cuto off here is kind
of just monkey betting with a hand like
54 or pocket fours when they get to this
River we can just raise a lot of the
time if we have a hand that doesn't beat
second pair or third pair we can just
raise because our range is not going to
be strong it's going to be mostly Bluffs
and we can fold out their better kind of
Bluffs they may not even know if they
have a bluffer value they're just kind
of stabbing but we can fold out a lot of
those hands if we get to this River with
ace high now if you're playing against a
more reasonable player like deepo if we
have ace high here we just call if we
have pocket sevens we just call we don't
really need to be worried about raising
but that is just the exploit when you're
playing against players who are going to
kind of monkey stab on this River with a
hand like pocket force and this one's
easy when you see them come out and bet
the river big obviously they're making
our lives easy they're letting us off
the hook we should be massively over
folding here even when we have hand like
pocket sevens pocket 9s even when we get
here with the top of our range it
doesn't matter that we're folding the
top of our range because when they
choose the size they are just massively
under bluffing and once again if they
are under bluffing every single Bluff
catcher is more profitable as a fold
than as a call we have a six of clubs
now in the cut off and we're going to
open to 20 billing on the button three
bets to 60 we're going to call we've got
a suit to day so we're really deep and
if flop comes 653 we check he goes small
and we're going to call with top pair
off suit 8 here we check he goes pretty
big again on the turn we're going to
call here and see what happens on the
river and the river's a king at this
point we check it over pot's 547 and he
moves all in for
730 walk me through what you're thinking
here my decision head also depends
greatly on uh the capability uh of this
player I think if it's a very capable
player he will possibly shove possibly
his King Jacks King Queens as value I am
skewed towards uh a fold here I don't
think we have enough showdown in this
spot I would tend to fold here we're
going to fold we Flash the A6 trying to
get a little information villain wins he
does not show usually when they don't
show that means they had it next
observation about deepo here he's
probably just massively over folding on
Rivers we're really picking on deac
today sorry sorry deac I genuinely think
deac is a pretty good player but this
just shows if you can exploit pretty
solid players how much can we be
exploiting fish so we see here A6 on
this river is supposed to be called
somewhere between 50 to 65% of the time
if they are folding this hand on the
river our Bluffs are going to massively
massively print so I want to just kind
of combine a couple exploits here and
show you guys as a thought experiment
what it looks like if number one they're
fast playing their value a little bit
too much on flap and number two they are
just overfolded on the river with some
of their best Bluff catchers okay so
let's take kind of a combination of
Kevin and deepo and let's say on the
flap they are fast playing their value a
little bit too much let's say they're
fast playing these sets in two pair 80%
of the time instead of something like
60% of the time now let's say on the
river they're folding these Bluff
catchers just 10 to 15% more of the time
the A6 suited the 78 suited the seven6
suited Etc now we see here because their
fast playe value just a little bit too
much and they're just folding their
Bluff catchers a little bit too much on
the river we see here that we are just
massively over bluffing on this River
even when we have hands that have bad
blockers they still become very very
profitable Bluffs look at a hand like
Ace Queen of Hearts here Ace Queen of
Hearts is just always jamming on this
River Ace Jack of Hearts always jamming
in on this River ace four of Hearts
jamming on this River the point here is
when we start stringing together
exploits and we're able to carry that
thread all the way through from the Flop
to the turn to the river we can start
massively exploiting players all right
so overall observations on deac here
he's probably over bluffing Rivers using
the small sizing so we can check back a
lot of our more thin or Showdown value
hands on turns to Bluff catch rivers and
again he's probably under bluffing when
he uses the big size on the river when
he goes small we can call with anything
with Showdown value and when he chooses
the big size we should just be massively
massively massively overfolded and
finally because he was over folding the
river to a triple barrel we should be
massively over bluffing Rivers anytime
we get to the river with a hand that
does not have Showdown value we should
be piling in the money and yes are we
sometimes going to get called here sure
but the most profitable play long term
if a player is just slightly overfolded
Rivers we should be taking every single
hand that doesn't have Showdown value
and piling in the money on the river
because it's going to be more profitable
than giving up we have Jack n of Spades
here in the lowjack we're going to open
to $20 going to fold all the way around
to the big blind and the big blind calls
now we flop a flush draw here Jack high
he checks it over we see that he calls
turn is an eight so a blank here we're
going to continue here we're going to
double barrel and he is going to call
now the river is a jack so we make third
pair on this River and the opponent
checks it over and the options here on
this River are to either check it back
or to Bluff I'm checking why are you
checking back if he's been this sticky
already I think it'd be hard to push him
off his hand so we are going to check it
back finally last player here we saw Tim
check back on the river when he made
third pair so let's talk about this spot
we see Jack n of Spades here is actually
supposed to be bluffed on this River at
a 100% frequency and the reason being on
an ace high triple Broadway board Tim
just doesn't have many natural Bluffs
getting to the spot we see Jack n is
supposed to be bluffed on the river Jack
10 is supposed to be bluffed on the
river hands like pocket sixes pocket
5ivs and 5x are also supposed to be
bluffed on the river he just doesn't get
to the river with a ton of natural
Bluffs so he has to find some pair hands
to turn into Bluffs so what this is mean
for us from the villain spot here when
we Face a third Barrel on the river
obviously we should just be massively
massively over folding here and a quick
tip Ace High boards triple Broadway
boards particularly from an early
position open just really hard spots to
find enough Bluffs these spots are
notoriously under bluffed which is why I
chose the spot so obviously on this
River if we do face a third Barrel we
can just be massively massively over
folding even if we have top pair here
that hand is now just a bluff Catcher
And if they are under bluffing you guys
know the drill so obviously it's easy to
deduce that we should be over folding
Rivers if they're under triple barreling
but I think what's super interesting
here is what that means about our turn
play what does that mean if they're
going to massively under Bluff on rivers
and kind of play face up we can actually
be calling turns a lot more because
they're not going to Bluff us off our
equity on the river so if we do have a
bluff catcher on the turn a hand like
kingx a hand like 5x when players are
under bluffing Rivers we can float turns
a lot wider because they're going to be
so face up on Rivers a lot of players
are one and done or two and done and if
they're just going to check back the
river and under Bluff we can float turns
so much wider one last note of all the
players you saw in this video some are
Pros some are just weaken Warriors but
all of these players are winning players
who are serious about poker and if these
type of exploits are there to exploit
winning players how much can you be
exploiting the fish in your games just
some food for thought hopefully you guys
enjoyed this video and it turned you
into the biggest boy possible thank you
guys and have a gentle day