does playing High variance poker mean
you need a bigger bank roll let's say we
have two players player a is a Crusher
she takes every single plus EV spot even
if it's extremely marginal she'll risk a
$1,000 on a bluff to win an extra dollar
long term the second player player B is
still a big winner but he plays it a bit
more safe he'll take all the great spots
but he'll pass up on a few close ones to
try to minimize the swings so the
question is does player a need a bigger
Bank role to play this style will she
have massive down swings or will the
slight higher win rate generated from
taking every marginal spot make up for
the session to session swings today I'm
going to attempt to find out let's jump
in so when we talk about marginal or
high variant spots let's just make sure
we're speaking the same language we're
talking about a close decision right
we're risking a lot of money over a
close decision where we win a little bit
of money if we're right and we lose a
lot of money if we're wrong but over the
longterm these high variant spots we're
going to assume if we take these spots
and choose them correctly they're going
to be plus EV let's look at a few
examples and attempt to Define it so
first example here we open 76 of
diamonds on the button the big blind a
recreational player is going to call
flop comes Jack 84 we flap a belly
Buster and we're just going to see BET
our entire range small here to entice
our opponent to raise off their strong
stuff call with their weak stuff we go
20 he calls turn is a three and when he
checks it over at this point we assume
our opponent is going to be raising off
a lot of their pocket eights pocket
fours Jack eight suited on such a wet
Dynamic flap when we choose a small size
and so because we think our opponent is
capped we incentivized to use a big size
with both our Bluffs and our value here
we don't think our opponent is folding
hands like flush draws straight draws
Jack X Etc but specifically when we do
have seven High here we do think we can
get a lot of that stuff to fold on the
river so we're going to choose a big
overb size here to capture value from
our opponent's range it's going to be in
elastic on the turn and then is going to
have a bunch of bols on the river so we
go 100 and our opponent is going to call
River is now a seven of Spades which is
a super interesting card because
technically we make third pair here and
I think a lot of RS here especially if
we flash back to our player a versus
player B I think this is a spot where
player B may just check back here right
we've got third pair I guess we have a
smidge of Showdown value so this is a
spot that a lot of Rags would not take
but if we dig a little bit deeper I'm
not sure how much Showdown value we
technically have so we always have to
start what is our opponent's range
here's my rough approximation of our
opponent's range getting to the river
it's going to be a lot of Jack X this
Ace Jack King Jack Queen Jack both the
suited and offit varieties it's going to
be some Straits the 10 n and 56 and then
it's going to be a lot of flushes as
well we see the ace 10 of Spades King 10
of Spades King six of Spades Etc so if
we want to bucket our opponent's range
and keep it really simple they're going
to have a lot of top pair a lot of
straits and some flushes the question
I'm asking on this river is what happens
if let's say we have three sizing
options on this River maybe a small size
for
$150 a medium Bluff size for $300 and
the all-in Bazooka Bluff size for $86
nearly 3x pot here on this River all
right so when we bet a 150 just about
half pot on this River let's say our
opponent is just not doing much folding
top pair is going to call it about 95%
of the time straights are never folding
and flushes are mixing raising and
folding of course the flushes are never
folding now let's say when we bet 300 on
this River maybe for a small overb size
now our opponent starts folding top pair
let's say ace Jack top pair top kicker
calls about 40% of the time but all the
other Jack X starts folding maybe 80 85
90% of the time here on this River of
course straight still never fold and
flushes still never fold and now let's
say when we go for the big boy bazooka
size 860 our opponent is going to fold
top pair 90 plus% of the time but
flushes are never folding and Straits
are almost always calling say straights
maybe fold 10% of the time here or
something like that and we see here with
our combo 76 of diamonds the most
profitable option here is going to be
choosing that medium size that small
overb size because when we bet 300 we
just think we can get the top pair to
fold a lot and we are risking the
smallest amount possible both to make
top pair fold and when we do run into a
straight or a flush that obviously is
not folding for any amount of money we
are only losing 300 here instead of
losing our entire stack we see here the
EV is
$18.61 so we're winning somewhere
between three to four big blinds on this
River by going for the bluff by taking
this marginal spot you see by checking
back we win $0 because we're never
really going to win the pot we don't
have Showdown value but we're not
risking any more money at this decision
point so by checking back we win $0 so
this is a pretty marginable spot we're
risking $300 to win an additional 18 all
right marginal spot number two the
villain is going to open in the cut off
we three bet the second best handed
poker pocket aces on the button villain
calls flop comes 84 Deuce I just see
betting my entire range small in three
by pots I choose a smaller size in three
B pots than I may choosing a single
raise pot just because the absolute size
of the pot is bigger and we still want
to incentivize our opponent to raise off
strong stuff and call with their weak
stuff so I go $50 just about 1/3 pot now
our opponent is going to raise here at
this point I think our opponent could be
doing this with some worse hands for
Value maybe pocket 10 pocket Jacks
pocket Queens something like that and of
course they could still have some Bluffs
here as well so we are going to call
with pocket aces with the Ace of Hearts
turn now comes a three of diamonds and
our opponent follows up with just about
a half pot siiz bet here and again even
though it is rare in a three by pot for
our opponent to be check ra bluffing and
then following up on the turn with
another Barrel our opponent could still
be bluffing some of the time here so we
are going to call with Aces now the
river is a 10 of hearts with a papy
947 our opponent comes out on this River
and Bets about 30% pot $300 and now the
first question I would ask on this river
is what is our opponent's range I don't
think our opponent is still doing this
with hands like pocket jacks or pocket
Queens I don't think this is ever worse
for Value first of all our opponents
aren't going to check raise over pairs
on the flop in a three bet pot all of
the time second of all they're not going
to follow through and double Barrel the
turn betting over pairs very thinly and
third of all when the flush gets start
on the river they're sure as hell not
going to bet over pairs now for value on
this River what type of hands will our
opponent check raise on the Flop and
then bet on the turn and then bet very
small on the river flushes make some
sense but not the most sense right
number one our opponents in three backat
pots usually in live poker aren't going
to play Flesh draws all that
aggressively right maybe fles draws get
check raised on the Flop 10% of the time
15% of the time it's still going to be a
low percentage so yes they could have
some flushes that check raise the Flop
and Barrel the turn but probably not a
ton of flush draws and then when the
flush gets there on the river if our
opponent is the type of aggressive
player who's going to check raise a
flush draw on the Flop and double barrel
it on the turn is this the size they're
going to choose on the river one third
pot probably not because when the flush
gets there usually fear and greed Drive
our opponent's decisions and they're
going to get a little bit more greedy
when they have a flush on this River so
I think we can really really really cut
down on the flushes here what is the
majority of our opponent's range what
hands would almost always check raise
the Flop almost always double barrel the
turn and bet small on the river because
they're a little bit nervous when the
flush gets there sets right sets I think
a ton of our opponent's range here is
going to be hands like pocket eights
pocket fours pocket Deuces it's going to
be a lot of sets and maybe occasionally
a sliver of fleshes so this is the range
that I gave our opponent getting to the
river as we can see here quite a few
sets pocket fours pocket Deuces pocket
eights gave them a sliver of the fleshes
as well king queen of hearts King Jack
of Hearts 9x of Hearts Queen Jack of
Hearts Etc of course it's even harder
for them to have flushes when we have
the ace of hearts in our hand then maybe
some of the pocket 10 here that check
raise the Flop some of the time and then
a hand like Ace five or 5 six suited of
course makes a little bit of sense maybe
a gut shot that check raised the Flop
got there on the turn and is now slowing
down on the river so our opponent's
range is pretty face up on this River
and the question I'd be asking if I got
to this River with a hand like Ace King
of Hearts what would I be jamming would
I be putting all the money in expecting
our opponent to call with a hand like
pocket fours or pocket Deuces all of the
time and my answer here is probably not
because the obvious draw got there we're
in a three bet pot we started this hand
relatively deep and I don't think our
opponent is going to pay us off for all
of the money here when they have a hand
like pocket fours or pocket Deuces now
maybe we're up against a sticky opponent
who overvalues hands and is just never
folding a set well in that case when we
have pocket aces on this River we have a
very easy decision we should just fold
and when we have a hand like Ace King of
Hearts on this River we have a very easy
decision we just Jam in all of the money
but let's say we're up against a typical
live player who's going to have quite a
bit of hesitation facing a jam if they
have a set like pocket fours or pocket
Deuces and remember we started this hand
400 big blinds deep so we've got three
options on this River call fold or raise
and I think we can eliminate one of
those options right away I think calling
is the worst option we are just never
really ahead of anything here we don't
really have Showdown value everything
got there we can throw call out the
window and I think a lot of even big
winning Pros in this spot would just
fold the hand and think nothing more of
it because they think well our opponent
is never bluffing let's just fold that
is the low variance option that I think
a lot of winning cash game players would
find here but what about raising all in
so I hypothesized that our opponents
would fold their sets about 65% of the
time here on this River maybe about 2/3
of the time and they'd fold their
straights maybe about 20 25 30% of the
time here and we see here with those
assumptions turning pocket aces with the
ace of hearts into a bluff the ray 1530
option we are winning about $19 so we're
winning just about four big blinds very
marginal High variant spot but if we
make these assumptions it is winning
money we see calling we're just losing
$300 we're just never winning when we
call when we fold once again it is zero
EV to fold we win back $0 from the pot
but we don't lose any more money so we
see here that raising is the most
profitable option but we are risking
$1,530 for a decision that maybe Nets us
$19 long term pretty marginal all right
one more marginal spot in this one we
are playing $510 $1,000 effective so a
100 big blinds in this one a pro on the
button is going to raise to $30 we're
going to three bet with Ace jack of
diamonds in the small blind 120 bucks
the pro on the button is going to call
very very quickly and maybe that
sometimes allows us to eliminate some
hands from the top of range maybe we can
eliminate some of the Ace King the
pocket queens that type of stuff because
those hands would maybe at least
consider for betting when they call so
we're going to a flop here king96 with a
couple of hearts and against
recreational players I'm just checking
my entire range out of position because
recreational players tend to over stab
Telegraph their hand strring with their
bed sizing and they do not protect their
checkback range those things are not
generally true against Pros specifically
the over stabbing and telegraphing their
hand strength those things aren't going
to happen so against Pros generally I'm
just going to range bet on boards that
are slightly better for me I'm going to
range check on boards that are maybe
slightly better for them generally I'm
just going to play the node where I
think they make the most mistakes here
King High board three bet pot against
the pro I'm probably just going to range
B small so I go $80 and the pro calls
turn is now a four of diamonds and at
this point think well maybe we've got a
little bit of Showdown value small blind
versus button with Ace Jack high no real
reason to really turn this specific hand
into a bluff we'd want to be bluffing
here if we had hands like Queen 10
suited Jack 10 suited 78 suited heart
draws Etc this hand Ace Jack High
specifically small blind versus button
we've got a bit of Showdown value here
so we're actually just going to check
and try to get this to Showdown we check
and now our opponent goes 200 and now at
this point I'm going to get a little bit
sticky because I do think especially in
a wide vers wide configuration our
opponent can have a lot of hands here
that we're actually beating Queen 10
suited Jack 10 suited 108 suited 78
suited all of his heart draws Etc and
yeah of course he's got some value here
but I think at least specifically a hand
like King Jack suited or King 10 suited
May check back this turn some of the
time Ace King at least Ace King suited
is almost always going to forb bet and I
think pocket sixes pocket 9es king n
suited those hands are going to raise
off at some percentage when the Flop is
this wet and connected so I think our
opponent actually has probably a lot of
Bluffs here and not a ton of value so
I'm going to call here on this turn
River the innocuous dece of diamonds we
check it over and our opponent now jams
600 into 8810 once again a pretty
marginal spot the population tends to
under Bluff in three by pots when all
the goes in they tend to be under
bluffing but there's a couple things
going on here that we touched on on the
turn here's the range I gave our
opponent getting into the river I was
generous and gave them nines and sixes
their sets and their King n suited maybe
75% of the time just saying that they
would raise the Flop maybe a quarter of
the time I think it actually happens
probably higher than that and then I
gave them a bunch of these Queen Jack
Queen 10 Jack 10 78 taipans the combo
draws with hearts I had them raise on
the Flop at a little bit higher
frequency of course they got some of the
108 here as well and then of course
they've got some of these Ace High flush
draws Ace 8 ace7 Ace 3 Ace D I thought
maybe the ace 5 and Ace 4 would
sometimes forb bet and then some of
these higher acex of Hearts hands the
ace Jack Ace 10 Ace Queen of Hearts
maybe these hands don't Bluff all the
time just because he figures he's got
some Showdown value and then for Value
here the king queen suited pure maybe
the king Jack suited pure although I
would challenge that maybe this checks
back on the turn some of the time and
then the king 10 Suited let's say he's
got 75% of that because that checks back
the turn maybe a quarter of the time
king queen off I was generous and gave
this to him maybe half the time maybe
this hand sometimes four bets pre maybe
it sometimes folds pre and then we have
the Ace King off I gave that to him
again half the time I think that's
pretty generous because I think the
speed with which he called pre flop
maybe eliminate some of these combos I
think this hand would at least consider
for betting maybe take a beat to
consider four betting so we gave him
half of the Ace King on this River so
with that being his range here we see
Ace is winning about
$28 we lose zero further dollars by just
throwing our cars into the muck I think
folding here either on the turn or on
the river is what a lot of winning low
variance Pros might do but I would posit
on this river that there might be a
higher EV all bite I'll I'll be it I'll
bite I'll bite a higher EV option okay
so we went through a few examples of
high variance marginal spots but how
much are these spots adding to our win
rate well let's attempt to do some rough
back of the napkin m and try to quantify
it so let's say live we're playing
somewhere between 30 to 35 hands an hour
we have a vpip of somewhere around 20%
so that would mean we're playing just
about 7even hands per hour and let's say
10% of the hands we play a high variant
spot comes up again this is going to be
really rough just back of the envelope
math just trying to come up with an
estimate here so let's say each High
variant spot like the ones we just
looked at add somewhere between 3 to six
big blinds in EV that means if 10% of
the hands we play have an an option to
take this High variance line we're
adding about three big blinds per hour
to our win rate all right so going back
to our player comparison at the very
start we have player a the huge winner
who plays very very high variance and
player B the big winner who plays it
safer and has lower variance so what I
did to approximate these two player
Styles is I took a bunch of data so for
player a our high variance Crusher I
took a bunch of data from players who
have taken the Hungry Horse Boot Camp or
Hungry Horse poker coaches these players
self-described High variant nut jobs and
we have just about a 7,000 hour sample
these players are winning about 13 big
blinds per hour so very very high win
rate and the average big blind they
played was 7.9 so they were playing
somewhere between 25 and 510 and for the
other side of our data set I took
players Data before taking the Hungry
Horse boot camp I specifically asked for
players that were self-described tag
nits so tight aggressive nits winning
players who weren't necessarily taking
every spot who were playing a little bit
more low variance we had about 15,800
hours for our sample these players were
still big Winners but winning a lot less
they were winning about six big blinds
per hour and their average big blind
played so the average Stakes they played
was about 4.5 so they were playing on
average 25 or a little bit smaller so
you may be wondering the reason why I
took these two data sets is because when
we go to a variance calculator we need
to plug in the win rate and we need to
plug in the standard deviation well win
rate is easy right if we just jump back
to our little chart before we assumed by
taking these high variant spots we're
adding maybe somewhere around three big
blinds per hour to our win rate so why
did I take all this data from both post
boot campers and pre-boot campers well
we need to come up with a standard
deviation for live poker and I would
guess I would hypothesize here that our
pre-boot campers are going to have a
lower standard deviation meaning they're
going to have lower swings in their
stack hour to hour but we don't know
what that standard deviation is if we
check Prime dope a variance calculator
we see here for No Limit full ring it's
around 60 to 80 big blinds per 100 or
six Max it's around 75 to 120 big blinds
per 100 but the problem is this is for
online poker at 100 big blind stacks
these standard deviations are not going
to be accurate for live poker so I
needed a bunch of data so that's why I
grabbed all this data and now we need to
figure out the standard deviation all
right so to help us answer how we
calculate standard deviation we are
bringing in an actual mathematics
professor Dr Daniel Jones Daniel can you
help us figure out this problem how do
we calculate standard DV
as a as a starting point here so I think
one of the issues we have is that we
hear a lot of these words like variance
and standard deviation and there's a
little bit confusion between the two
things standard deviation is the thing
we actually want to know this kind of
measures the spread of data or the
volatility in our data variance is just
what you get when you square that number
now for this particular problem there's
a few difficulties with calculating that
standard deviation the first thing is
that we have all these different
sessions full of data from the horses
and and we have thousands of hours of
data but all of these sessions are
different lengths so the first thing we
need to consider is we need to do
something called weighted standard
deviation where we make sure that those
extra long sessions and extra short
sessions don't kind of
disproportionately affect the answers
the other issue we have is that I think
we looked at thousands of hours of data
and we found that the average session
length was about 5 hours maybe 5 to 6
hours something like that and what you
actually get is if you imagine that you
have a 8 Hour session for example and
you were 100 big blinds in that 8 Hour
session well what you'd actually get if
you graph that is you would have at time
well when the session starts at this
time and when the session ends at this
time your uh bank roll would grow by 100
big blinds and it would just be this
straight smooth line however if you had
instead um tracked your bank roll each
1H hour interval within that session
what you would actually find is not a
smooth linear progression up to that 100
big blinds it would go up and down at
some different points and there would be
this thing that we we sometimes call
variance or standard deviation yeah cuz
for example like I'll have sessions
where you know during the challenge like
I ended up $1,000 but I started the
session down to Grand but if you just
looked at this the session data it said
I want $1,000 right but that's not
actually what happened during the
session so you're trying to model for
this type of problem while finding
standard deviation based on that exact
session yeah exactly it looks like you
won $1,000 but actually you lost ,000
then you WN some then you lost some then
you won some and it's there's a lot more
volatility and variance that it first
appears so what we did was we looked at
grouping all the data into these
increasing average session lengths and
what we found was kind of our conjecture
was kind of correct that as we increase
the average session length the estimated
standard deviation starts to go down so
what we can then do with that data
because what really interested in is
going in the opposite direction ction
what happens to our standard deviation
as we start to look at 4H hour average
session lengths 3 Hour 2 Hour 1 hour or
less so once we've got those longer
average session length data we can plot
those on a graph then we can do
something called extrapolation where we
kind of follow the natural line of that
curve but in the opposite direction to
see where it would naturally finish if
we took it all the way back to a 1 hour
average session length and when we do
that we can see that actually the
standard deviation goes up quite
dramatically because before we did that
it looked like kind of high variance and
low variance players they seemed from
the data to have very similar standard
deviations which intuitively doesn't
seem correct but once we did this kind
of we did this thing and we extrapolated
we actually saw that yes the the horses
do actually have this higher variance
style of Po Okay cool so what you found
essentially is that for our high
variance kind of post boot camp horses
and Crushers the standard deviation was
114 14.15 per hour and for the pre-boot
campers the guys who are playing this
kind of tag style the standard deviation
was
105.6 per hour online the standard
deviation which is usually expressed in
terms of per 100 hands is usually about
60 to 80 per 100 hands we see a standard
deviation for six Max online right now
we're seeing standard deviation these
numbers of over 100 per hour for both
our high variance and low variance
sample why is the standard deviation for
live poker do you think so much higher
for online and we're talking about these
are per hour so obviously these would be
much higher per 100 because we're only
seeing you know 30 35 hands an hour yeah
I mean you said it's well over 100 but
it's yeah like you said it's even more
extreme than that because if we're
assuming that there are 33 hands per
hour then uh 3 hours for 100 hands you'd
actually take that standard deviation we
found for live poker you'd actually
multiply it by the square root of three
I won't go into the details but it's
probably closer to 200 big blinds prow
that standard deviation a couple other
reasons why I could possibly think of
let me know if these have any validity
at all is number one the open sizes the
three bet sizes Etc in life poker are
much larger relative to the blind level
so we're just playing much bigger pots
relative to the stake whereas online at
25 we may be opening to 2X or 2.2x live
we're opening four or 5x so the pots are
just much bigger we're going to have
bigger swings there and then the stack
depth as well we're live we're often
playing 200 plus big blinds deep or
online we just rarely rarely see that
live you're a little bit more enca in
how how much you can win in any single
hand but also similarly how much you
could lose in any one single hand you
know people ask a lot about bank roll
which I think is kind of a nebulous
concern but people people want to know
over a 10,000 hour sample what would be
like the biggest downswing that we would
run into for both our high variance
Crushers and the pre-boot campers so
yeah this is the really interesting
thing so for our high variance crushes
the biggest downswing you could expect
over a 10,000 hour sample is about just
under 5,000 big blinds 4,898 big blinds
or about
$24,400 and if we compare that to the
lower variant pre-boot campers they can
actually expect a downswing of around $
8,023 big blinds or about
$4,150 and the real lesson here is that
even though the variance is higher for
the Post boot campus the massive
increase in hourly win rate just
completely offsets that higher variance
the magnitude of your down swings you
would expect that with a higher variance
you're going to have bigger downswings
but if your hourly win rate grows enough
relative to that actually that's not the
case your maximum downswings you can
expect those to be much lower and when
we say a 5,000 big blind downswing for
the Post boot campers that is happening
with a 1% probability so be like worst
case worst case yeah that's right
Absolut worst case scenario like if you
took 100 boot campers made them Play
10,000 hours you would expect one of
them to have a downswing of this
magnitude and that's about it okay so
let's make this a more apples to apples
comparison right because the pre-boot
campers were only winning five to six
big blinds per hour and the post boot
campers were winning 13 and we
determined that the Gap here we see the
Gap was only about three big blinds per
hour if we're taking every High variant
spot so let's do an apples apples
comparison and let's pretend we have our
high variant scratchers we're still
winning 13 bigs an hour at the 114 per
hour standard deviation and now let's
give the low variance pre-boot campers
let's bump their win rate up to 10 big
blinds per hour but keep their standard
deviation low right let's keep it a
little bit lower let's just assume that
they find maybe some better value bet
spots they're a little bit better pre-
flop but they're still not taking the
high variant spots so we keep the
standard deviation low now what's the
difference between the biggest down
swings now the biggest down swings so
pre-boot campers once we bump them up to
a slightly higher win rate they're
expecting a downswing of about 5,23 8
big blinds or about
$2,115 um over that 10K sample and again
remember this is only happening with a
1% probability so this maximum down
swing now is more comparable to the post
boot campus but it's a kind of a similar
maximum downswing but it's with a low
win rate and a lower variance worst case
scenario is going to be about the same
here for the the high variance Crushers
and the low variance winners but the
high variance Crushers are just winning
a lot more money so if you have High
variant you have bigger swings maybe
this is a little bit of a myth yeah I
think so because you could take those 10
big blind per hour kind of pre-boot
campers and they're kind of doing a few
things better but they're still avoiding
those marginal spots and you could you
could imagine one of them saying well I
don't want to take these kind of really
marginal High variant Spots I'm happy
with my 10 big blinds per hour I don't
want to take that extra risk but what
we're kind of seeing from this data is
actually is there an extra risk doesn't
seem to be the case um all that's really
happening is your win rate is going up
by taking those marginal spots your
actual down swings they're not really
changing all that much okay so let's
take this to the most extreme example
now let's just say the data is off let's
say the variance is much higher so let's
say that the high variance Crushers
let's say their standard deviation is
actually 1.5x the pre-boot camp kind of
tight taggy players and compare it to
the low variance guys who were still
winning 10 big blinds an hour now how
does the downswing compare now the
downswing seems to be about 8,8 162 big
blinds or about
$443 so way way higher so this is the
this is the greatest of all the down
swings we've looked at so far so we'd
have to assume that the standard
deviation is just much much higher than
the numbers are telling us to get to a
point where the down swings are much
higher for the the guys with the higher
win rate yeah so even for these post
boot campers with this High win rate the
only way they could possibly have these
really high down swings of like 8 ,000
big blinds they uh standard deviation
would have to be so much higher than
we're actually estimating it to be let's
assume that the standard deviation is
1.5x right and assume the high variance
increases a standard deviation by 50%
you need maybe an extra $20,000 in your
bank roll to make an extra 22.5k per
year so even like worst case scenario
that our data sets we off and the
standard deviation is 50% higher we're
still talking about adding those three
big blinds per hour is still going to
increase your win rate so much that even
with the extra Wild Ride it's still
maybe worth it because you're making so
much more money per year yeah I think
that's true and another thing to think
about with these downswings is really
when you're asking about these down
swings it's really like a short-term
consideration after enough time passes
and after you've played enough hours of
hands your bank roll has grown enough
that you you do reach a point where
you're just no longer scared of going
broke you're just no longer scared of
risk of Ruin maybe it's scary for the
first one year if you're playing a
really high variance and if we've
underestimated but even then these kind
of down swings like we said are only
happening 1% of the time all right guys
so my conclusion from all of this is
that high variance is a myth it is
actually safer for your bankroll to take
every single marginal spot long term
because you'll just win so much more
money that the chances of you enduring a
super big downswing are less because
your win rate will just be that much
higher hopefully you guys enjoyed this
video and it turned you into the biggest
boy possible thank you guys and have a
gentle day