here's the number one lesson I've
learned from my journey into low stakes
when recreational players have good
hands they don't let you Bluff for
example when we bet small on a wet
Dynamic flop just like this they tend to
raise off their strong hands right now
for example pocket n Jack n suited
pocket Deuces also when they just call
on the Flop and we bet small on a nut
changing turn they also once again tend
to raise off their strong hands for
example all of their smaller plushes but
you guys know this we've talked about
these examples before you get it but
there's one different way they let you
off the hook that isn't so obvious at
first glance and I've been noticing this
a ton at low stakes so let me show you a
few examples let's jump in all right so
we are playing 25 villain is going to
open to $20 in the cut off we're going
to three bet on the button and villain
is going to call flop comes Queen 93 and
when they check it over you guys know
I'm just see betting my entire range for
a small size trying to choose a size
where they raise off their strong [ __ ]
and call with their weak [ __ ] so I go 50
into 147 and villain calls turn is an
eight and at this point this brings in
the obvious draw the Jack 10 it brings
in a couple two pairs like 89 suited
they can even have pocket eights here
for some sets sometimes so this turn
card does downgrade our hand a little
bit and maybe on this turn card we may
be betting slightly smaller with a hand
like Ace Queen We also may be betting
slightly smaller on this turn with a
hand like King 10 of diamonds a low
Equity draw to incentivize our opponent
to raise off when they do have straights
or two pair or a set of eights so we bet
small on this turn and our opponent
calls now we go to the river which is a
deuce of Spades and now on this River
our opponent leads for
$250 now you may be asking on this River
well what hands do they do this with
that's a good question so let's go
through Street by Street and look at the
range that gets to this River so here is
their pre-f flap range when they open in
the cut off and we three bet on the
button and they continue notice they
don't have the top of range hands like
pocket kings pocket aces Ace King suited
all of these hands are just for betting
at 100% free frequency from out of
position if you see partials here like
Ace King off is 388 that hand is just
going to be three betting at 61 62% of
the time same with a hand like Ace Jack
suited or Ace 10 suited and all these
hands down here all these hands over
here they are just gray out they are
zero because all of these hands are not
opened or they're just not continued
versus the three bit so this is an
equilibrium 200 big blind solved range
now you see here on the flap in
equilibrium they're going to be quite
aggressive versus our range bet you see
here pocket 9es are raising 100% % of
the time Queen n suited raising 100% of
the time pocket 3es raising 100% of the
time I have not adjusted anything this
is equilibrium there are no adjustments
on my part they are mostly raising off
their strong [ __ ] and calling with their
weak [ __ ] here on the Flop now we bet
$80 we bet small on the turn they're
raising off some of their Jack 10 about
50% 60% of the time or so but they're
still going to have some jack 10 suit
getting to the river and they're raising
some of their pocket eights here maybe
20 to 25% of the time but otherwise
they're just doing a lot of calling on
the turn so getting to the river this is
their range it is mostly going to be a
lot of Queen X we see Queen Jack Queen
10 that type of stuff a lot of 9x Ace 9
suited King n suited and then they're
going to have a bunch of flushes here so
seven six of Spades five six of Spades
Ace eight of spades and you see in
equilibrium on the river they are just
almost never doning so what does this
mean when they donky the river when
everything gets there well they just
have flushes they just don't really have
any Bluffs here recreational players
aren't going to come out and lead with a
hand like king queen here or ace9 suited
they are checking those hands Almost
100% of the time in general when we
don't give them rope we have three bet
pre- flap we have bet on the flap we
have bet on the turn when we have shown
nothing but strength when they come out
in dony River it is generally going to
be strength from them so let's go in and
lock here let's say when they donk this
River it's just going to be flushes 33%
of the time I would argue that when they
donk this River they are just never
bluffing in a million years it's hard to
come up with natural Bluffs here if we
say that they are doning this River 33%
of the time with flushes how does that
change our strategy so this may seem
obvious but I just want to show it when
they donk the river in this line when we
three BET BET The Flop and bet the turn
and then they come out and donk the
river on a nut changing card we should
be folding a ton you see here we are
folding 87% of our range on this River
and you may be saying well I didn't give
them any Bluffs of course that's obvious
but they don't have any Bluffs when they
come out and donk the river in this line
I'm telling you they just don't have any
Bluffs so you see here we are raising
with our fleshes that can flesh over
flush them and we are pretty much
folding everything else here on this
River so when they come out and donk on
a river like this we should be folding
almost everything but the cool part of
this that I think is interesting is if
they are sometimes donkey on this River
when they hit a flush what does that
mean when they check so let's build a
little toy game on this River and let's
say when they check we have two sizes we
have a very small size for 30% pot here
125 on this River and also we have the
big boy 2x pot overb Jam here on this
River all right guys real quick this
video is just the tip of the iceberg if
you want all the sauce and want to turn
into one of the biggest winners in your
entire player pool check out our 28 day
boot camps we are almost sold out for
December and January so grab one of the
last few seats link is in the
description below I will see you guys
there so once again we have not locked
anything getting to this River
everything is in equilibrium except we
had them flushes 33% of the time so when
we bet small on this River when we bet
125 here is their response in
equilibrium and let's just change one
thing here to make this a little bit
more realistic let's say whenever they
have pocket Jacks pocket 10s or 9x on
this River instead of calling 55% of the
time they are calling 75% of the time
and we just turn that raise frequency
down this is a little bit more realistic
they're just probably not going to fold
a hand like jacks or tens or 9x on this
River if we bet very very small 125 into
400 and change and one tiny adjustment
when we bet 800 on this River the 2x pot
over bet jam on this River now let's say
they are folding the ja 10 and 9x 75% of
the time here on this River instead of
about 62% of the time and once again I
just want to emphasize we didn't change
much we didn't change anything pre- flap
we didn't change anything on the flap we
didn't change anything on the turn it's
all equilibrium getting to the river but
all we did on the river is we had them
donk their flushes oneir of the time and
when we bet small on the river they just
call slightly more with their Jack 10
and 9x and when we bet 2x pot on the
river they just fold slightly more with
their Jack 10 and 9x now all of a sudden
when they check whenever we have good
hands when we have a set of nines when
we have an over pair whenever we have a
flush whenever we have the ace Jack of
Spades the ace 10 of Spades whenever we
have a good hand here now on this River
we are just choosing the small eyes
because when they check call on the Flop
and check call on the turn they have
raised off most of their strong hands
getting to the river now because when
they donk a bunch of their fleshes on
the river that just means they don't
really have fleshes when we are betting
on this River we can value bet thin with
impunity but we are targeting a very
very weak range because they raise off
their two pair in sets on the Flop they
raise off a lot of their Straits on the
turn and they donk a lot of their
fleshes on the river so if we have a
value hand getting to this River even if
we have a hand that is the nuts like Ace
eight of spades the solver is still
going to prefer to bet very small on
this River because their range is so
weak and now here is the really cool
part of the strategy whenever we have a
hand on this river that does not have
Showdown value King 10 of diamonds Ace
jack off or a hand like Ace King off
well we are just overb jamming on this
River it's not that we are unbalanced
here it's when our opponent starts
donking with some strong hands on this
River they let us off the hook because
when they come out and donk on this
River we can just fold every single hand
that we have that was going to run the
big boy Bluff on the river and when they
check on the river that means with a
pretty pretty high certainty our big boy
Bluff are going to print because they
let us off the hook when they get there
on the river then we bet small on the
Flop they just raise their strong [ __ ] a
lot and when the nuts change on the turn
and we bet small again they just raise
their strong [ __ ] a lot but this is the
third way that they let us off the hook
and I've seen this time and time again
where when the nuts change on the river
they just come out and donk which once
again lets us off the hook with our
Bluffs and means we never into a brick
wall and also means when they check well
they just don't have these strong hands
so when do our opponents come out and
donk rivers with strong hands in general
they're much more likely to come out and
donk the river with the nuts when we
choose a smaller turn size they're also
much more likely to come out and donk if
they don't think we will bet thin and
this usually happens on nut changing
cards if the river pairs top pair or
brings in an obvious straight or brings
in an obvious flush this is when they
donk with these strong hands because
because they are not expecting us to
continue to Value bet because they would
not continue to Value bet now the flip
side of this when they trap Rivers
generally when we choose larger turn
sizes they donk the river a little bit
less because they think we'll bet a
little bit more thinly on the river also
if the river is a blank if the river
does not change the nuts if an obvious
draw does not come in that's when they
will trap the river a little bit more
but once again when the river changes
the nuts when an obvious draw comes in
that's when they just come out and let
us off the hook because they don't B the
river with their strong hands all right
let me show you another example our
opponent opens in the cuto off we three
bet on the button and our opponent is
going to call 1075 we are going to C BET
our entire range for a small size and
our opponent check calls turn is now a
six and this is not the best turn card
for us because once again the obvious
straight draw comes in 8 n they can make
some two pair like 56 they can make some
sets like pocket sixes so a lot of our
value here on this turn is downgraded to
thin value and may want to size down and
then a lot of our low Equity Bluffs here
if we just have air on this turn like a
hand like Queen jack of diamonds we
would love to continue barreling because
we have air we also need to size down
because we just don't have really any
equity in our hand and we have a little
bit less fold equity on this turn
because it makes our opponent some
strong hands so we want to recap them on
this turn both our value and our Bluffs
on this kind of nut changing turn are
kind of incentivized to size down so we
go small here we go $80 and once again
our opponent calls now the river is a 10
pairing the top card and our opponent
comes out and donks once again here is
our opponent's pre- flop range same as
before when they open cut off in we
three bet on the button here is their
continue range to a three bet and once
again when we C bet range here button
versus cut off on the Flop our opponents
are going to play relatively
aggressively we see their sets of sevens
and their sets of 10 and their sets of
fives are raising at nearly a 100%
frequency on this flop in equilibrium
they also have a lot of Bluffs here
hands like king9 suit Queen n suited
Jack n suited are raising here at a
relatively high frequency we go to the
turn which is a six of Spades and when
we bet small on this turn our opponents
are raising their 89 suited at a super
super high frequency on this wet Dynamic
board again this is equilibrium and they
are raising 89 suited on this turn at
nearly 100% frequency now in equilibrium
they do have more Bluffs I would say
than our opponents would have in a live
game but you could see here they are
still raising off their strong [ __ ] on
the when we choose a small size now we
get to the river and we see in
equilibrium our opponents are donking
0.0% so let's start locking a couple
things once again let's assume that our
opponents are not bluffing when we three
bet pre- flop C bet the Flop bet the
turn and then they come out and donk the
river this is just almost never a bluff
in a million years so what type of hands
are they doing this with in live low
stakes games it's going to be a lot of
10x so let's say they come out on this
River and they donk their trips
33% of the time let's also say with
pocket sixes a hand that sometimes
raises a turn sometimes check calls a
turn that they come out and donk this
River 33% of the time they are just
donking on this River onethird of the
time with those strong hands so when
they donk the river here here is our
response and you see here this is the
obvious one right we are folding 80% of
the time because when they D the river
they are just not bluffing when we have
King 10 plus we are just raising we are
putting in all the money here on this
River when we have pocket sevens pocket
sixes pocket fives Etc we are just
putting in all the money on this River
because our opponents have a strong
range and they are just not folding what
I find more interesting once again is
what does this mean when our opponent
checks the river which of our hands want
to bet small on this River say 125 and
which of our hands want to go for the
big boy overb Jam 2x pot for 800 so this
is their response when we 2x pot siiz
jam on this River and you see here they
just don't have very many strong hands
to call down with so in equilibrium
they're supposed to call with 8776 65
here 100% of the time here on this River
I think we could agree you could agree
my grandmother could agree that this
just isn't happening when we 2x pot siiz
jam on this River they're not calling
with a hand like 87 or 76 100% of the
time so let's say sure they're obviously
never folding 10x on this River they're
calling with pocket 9es and pocket
eights sometimes but let's say the 87 76
and 65 let's say these hands fold 75% of
the time to the 2X pot siiz jam and here
is their response when we bet very small
on this River so here is their
equilibrium response on this River so
let's just make two small adjustments we
see here when they have a seven they're
only calling 58% of the time to this
very very small $125 bet into 400 on
this River so let's just bump this up to
75% with the 7x they're also turning a
bunch of these hands like ace9 Jack n
and Jack 8 into Bluffs on this River at
a 32% frequency I would argue that just
just does happen okay sure we'll say
they can sense some weakness in check ra
Jam here some of the time here so let's
just turn this down to maybe 10% with
these Bluff raises on the river with
kind of these unconventional hands and
we see here now on this River with just
making a couple tiny adjustments again
we didn't change anything pre- flap
anything on the Flop or anything on the
turn you see here now all of our good
hands are betting small all of our Ace
10 King 10 Queen 10 Jack 10 pocket 10
all of our good hands on this River want
to choose the small size they raised off
on the Flop whenever they had a set they
raised on the turn whenever they have a
straight and then we assume on the river
that they are donking some of the time
whenever they have a 10 themselves we're
just targeting a very very weak range so
whether we have a very strong hand like
Ace 10 suited here whether we have a
super thin value hand like pocket Jack
both of these hands want to choose the
small size on the river because our
opponent has such a weak crippled capped
range the other side of this is when we
get to this River with no Showdown value
when we have a hand like Ace 9 suited or
king9 suited we just always want to
choose the big boy overb Bluff size
because our opponent lets us off the
hook not just on the Flop and turn when
they have strong hands but also now on
the river they are just coming out and
doning some of the time when they have a
10 or when they have a full house so
that means when our opponent checks on
this River their range cannot withstand
the heat of that big boy overb Bluff and
I can see it now people in the comments
are going to say well Mark you're you're
unbalanced here no they are unbalanced
and we are just responding to our
opponent being unbalanced and let me
explain this doesn't mean we don't ever
use the massive size whenever we have a
good hand if our opponent comes out in
donks on this River and we have a hand
like Ace 10 suited or pocket sevens we
need to be putting in all of the money
all of the time even if we started this
hand 2,000 effective I would be piling
all of the money here on the river for
an 89X Ray size because I just think our
opponent has a strong range and they are
never folding in a million years so the
Crux of this is this is just another way
our opponent let us off the hook if your
opponents are sometimes donking when
they get there on the river with a
strong range that just means when they
check on the river they are absolutely
crippled so we need to take this into
account both when we have thin value we
need to choose smaller sizes because our
opponent has such a weak range because
their strong hands would either raise a
flop raise the turn or donk the river
and when we're bluffing on this River
this just gives us cart blanch to come
out and use the massive Hammer because
our opponents have told us not once not
twice but three times that they do not
have any strong hands in their range all
right finally I want to talk about when
we should ever consider donking the
river ourselves if wearing our
opponent's shoes out of position when
should we consider using this play we
should consider doning Rivers when our
opponents won't bet thinly for value and
when they massively under Bluff so
actually against most of the live pool
when our opponents donk the river it's
probably a decent play because most of
the population does not bet thin and
most of the population under Bluffs so
that's why this is so popular at low
stakes because the population if check
to on the River on these nut changing
Rivers won't bet thin and won't Bluff
the thing is we are different we are
capable of running the big boy Bluffs we
are capable of value betting thinly so
don't do this against competent players
don't do this against Rags don't do this
if you ever hear somebody at your table
say look at that sweet baby there the
players you should be doing this against
are the fish are the recreational
players if they are not going to Value
be thinley and they are massively under
bluffing well you should just be donking
when you get there with strong hands on
the river so this kind of fishy strategy
letting your opponents off the hook if
they're never going to jump onto the
hook well maybe it could be a good idea
to use this against them but don't use
this against thinking strong players
we've just spent an entire video talking
about why it is so bad against players
who will both value bet thinley and fire
the bluff all right guys I hope you've
enjoyed enjoyed this video on the third
and not so obvious way our opponent lets
us off the hook I hope this video
skyrockets your win rate and turned you
into the biggest boy possible thank you
guys and have a gentle day