I'm scared to tell you this terrified
actually I have figured out the number
one thing that guides most poker players
decisions it's the reason why they get
stuck at low stakes and why they can't
seem to build a bank roll and why they
get trapped making the same bad
decisions over and over and over I'm
talking about fear I'm going to show you
how fear drives decision-making in all
the most common spots in poker we're
going to talk about where it pops up and
how you can eliminate it from your game
and Maybe by seeing all these patterns
you can start to exploit other players
when you recognize signs of fear don't
be scared let's jump in all right so
let's talk about the first sign of fear
and this is fear of a bad runout and
this manifests itself because players
tend to over stab when they are in
position and they tend to fast play way
too much good stuff when they are out of
position so first let's talk about over
stabbing so we are going to be the
scared hero in this hand we are playing
25 we open it up on the button to 20 is
the villain the small blind is going to
three bet 290 and we are going to call
with pocket Jacks flop comes Queen 83
now the villain is going to check it
over and because there are some straight
draws out there there is a flush draw
out there this board is wet it is
dynamic lots of bad turn cards can come
we are going to stab here in position
because we're scared of bad cards coming
this is a mistake and it's letting fear
guide our decision and you can tell
you're making a fear-based decision
because if the board is something like
King 83 rainbow and it's checked over to
us and we're much more likely to check
back here we are making a decision out
of fear a bad reason to stab here on
this board would be I need to protect my
hand that is the fear talking now this
doesn't necessarily mean stabbing to us
is the wrong play but I'm a lot more
about process over results and a bad
reason to stab here would be well I'm
scared of a bad run out coming a good
reason to stab here might be well maybe
when our opponent checks here they are
capped they would just bet off all of
their good hands and our opponent may
make more mistakes when we stab here
versus when we check back say for
example when we check back our opponent
is under bluffing that they just always
have Showdown value that they are not
going to start running big Bluffs then
just betting here and not worrying about
protecting our checkback range may be
the highest EV play but again it's
process over results it's the thoughts
that go into these decisions not the
actual decision itself all right the
second cause of fear of a bad runout
here is fast playing too much good stuff
so let me show you in this hand the
villain is going to open on the button
we're going to defend in the big blind
with a jack off suit flop comes Jack n
dece we check our opponent bets very
small just under half pot here and you
know what this is a pretty scary board
we're scared of our opponent getting
there with a flush with a straight draw
we're not going to know how to play on a
bunch of turns so maybe because we've
got top pair top kicker here and our
opponent bet small we should just check
race and you can tell this is fear-based
thinking because the same situation if
the board is A7 Deuce instead of Jack n
dece with no flush draw and we have
bottom set on this board we may just
call here because we're not worried
about scary turn CS we're not not
worried about scary River cards so this
is how you can see if we would just call
here on A7 Deuce this is how you can
hold yourself accountable and see that
you are making a fear-based decision so
this doesn't necessarily mean that check
raising on this board is bad again we
just want to put process over results a
bad reason to check raise on this board
would be well I need to protect my hand
a good reason to check raise on this
board might be hey my opponent's going
to be way too inelastic with value even
if I check race here I don't think my
opponent is folding a hand like Jack 10
or queen Jack that is worse for value
and they're certainly not folding flush
draws or straight draws so maybe we
should just check race here because
maybe we're against a more passive
villain who's not going to bet thinly
with a hand like Queen Jack across three
streets and they're not going to put in
three streets for massive Bluffs with
air or gut shots or straight draws here
so we're not missing out on value from
them bluffing and they just don't have a
big fold button so they're not going to
fold top pair so by check raising here
against a villain who's going to be
sticky more in elastic more on the
passive side we are maximizing value we
come to the exact same dis ision but the
thoughts in that second example are not
led by fear they are led by Crystal
Clear reasons why it is higher EV
possibly to check raise against a
specific villain rather than just
calling all right the second way fear
manifests itself in poker is fear of
tough decisions and we see this through
double barreling kind of merged hands
that are in the middle not really value
not really a bluff we see it through not
betting Rivers thinly enough in position
and we see it through cold calling three
bets so let's jump in and Tackle these
one by one first example this kind of
double bear baring a merged hand not
really for Value not really as a bluff
just because we're kind of scared so
we're playing two five we're going to
open on the button big blind's going to
call flop comes Queen 86 our opponent
checks it over we are going to CET here
which is perfectly fine our opponent is
going to call now the turn is a three
and on this turn with a hand that's kind
of in that thin value kind of Showdown
value range here we are going to double
barrel because hey if we double barrel
here we're not going to have to face a
river bet we can just check back a lot
on the river we're not going to have
have to make a tough decision and not
having to face a riverb not having to
put ourselves in a situation where we
make a decision is not a good reason to
continue betting on this turn this
doesn't mean this is absolutely bad in a
vacuum to continue betting on this turn
with a hand like pocket T but the
reasons why we may want to continue
betting on this turn is number one if
our opponent is very very passive and
even if we check back on this turn if
our opponent isn't going to come out and
Bluff a mraw on the river or if our
opponent is very very sticky and they're
just never going to fold a hand like a X
or 6X here on this turn maybe those are
good reasons to continue value betting
but in general most players if you check
back this turn you guys know my favorite
line in poker cat the Flop check back
the turn with Showdown value and Bluff
catch the river a lot of players if you
check back this turn are going to come
out and Bluff the river for half pot
whenever they have a brick draw like 910
79 brick Spades 57 when they have those
brick draws on the river they're just
going to come out and bet half pot and
then when they do have a very strong
hand on the river like king queen or Ace
queen or something like that they'll
just come out and bet three quarters pot
or pot because a pot is small and the
turn went check check so we don't even
really have all that tough of a decision
on the river if we check back this turn
so once again bad reason to continue
betting on this turn because we don't
want to have to face a river bet a good
reason to continue betting on this turn
might be because our opponent is passive
and they are massively under bluffing
they're not going to come out and Bluff
the river if we check back this turn
which is very very rare even passive
villains and life poker if you give them
rope they will Bluff sometimes and we
can see we can hold ourselves
accountable and see that this is
fear-based decision-making because a lot
of the times we're in the same situation
where we see bet the Flop here except
now we have ace four of Spades instead
of pocket 10 and now the turn is the
three of Spades here on this turn well
I've got the nuts here I have no hands
to really be worried about so I'm just
going to check back here and this is how
I would hold myself accountable and see
that I'm making fear-based decisions if
I would want to bet pocket 10 on the
turn here but I would want to check back
the nut flush I'm definitely not asking
the right questions in game and I can
see that I'm letting fear guide me
instead of to make the highest EV Choice
possible all right fear of tough
decisions also manifest itself in not
betting Rivers thinly enough so let's
look at a couple examples we open king
queen on the button our opponent calls
in the big blind flop comes Queen 97 we
are going to see BET our opponent calls
turn is a four we are going to continue
betting here this is probably not the
ideal size we should be using on the
turn probably should just be going
bigger here when our opponent is capped
but we see this in live poker a lot the
2/3 3/4 pot siiz bet on the turn with
value players use it all the time
because it is comfortable and it is
scary G to jump outside that Comfort box
we bet 75 here on the turn now the river
is a four and all too often on this
River I just see players snap check back
here with top pair second kicker on the
river because they are just scared to
face a tough decision what if I get
raised here and that is fear-based
thinking listen the last time someone
check called The Flop check called the
turn and then check raised the river as
a bluff George Washington Carver was
President of the United States of
America it just doesn't happen if you
get raised on this River you can just
fold but we should off be betting this
River for Value so fear-based thinking
on this River would be well I don't know
what to do if I face a check race here
that is the fear talking maybe a good
reason to consider checking back the
river maybe with a hand not quite as
strong as this but slightly weaker would
be you know what this villain is super
super aggressive and they will check
raise quite a bit for thin value and
they will also check raise quite a bit
as a bluff thus putting us in a blender
and not allowing us to have a profitable
River bet for Value here that would be
the reason to consider checking back
that is only almost non-existent in life
poker don't let fear if some imaginary
decision that's probably never going to
come to fruition let you make suboptimal
choices so same thing here we often see
this again we open pocket sevs on the
button we flop a set pretty good we're
going to see that turn is a four we are
going to continue barreling again not
the size I would choose but we're
talking about fear today and this is how
fear-based players play fear may be in
this spot well I'm scared if I go too
big our opponent will fold and I won't
get paid all right so our opponent calls
River brings in the flush and again we
have a set here but the obvious draw
comes in and all too often I see players
just check back with hands like pocket
sevs or pocket 9es in the spot again
don't let fear of some imaginary tough
decision hold you back from taking the
highest EV action in game all right
another example up where you will see
fear of tough decisions hold players
back when they start cold calling three
bets a villain opens here in the hijack
and now there is a three bet in the cut
off and don't let yourself fall into
this trap where you have a hand like
pocket Jack or pocket queens or Ace King
here after it goes open in three bet in
front of you and you just call all too
often the decision-making behind this
thought process is simply well you know
I kind of want to wait for a safe flop I
don't want to bloat the pot with a hand
like pocket queens or pocket Jacks here
what if I get five bet and so this
thought process leads players really to
only cold for betting hands like
specifically Aces and Kings so when they
cold forb bet they are just super super
exploitable you can just fold everything
to these players when you see them start
cold calling three bets bad reasons to
Flat here to cold call a three bet would
be I don't want to see a bad flop or hey
I don't want to blow a pot with pocket
Queens here so I'm just going to call
not good I am a big fan of playing cold
four bet or fold I don't like cold
calling three bets 95 plus% of the time
in this situation here on the button I
am going to play this as a four bet and
you know what if we get five BET live
players do not five bet really anything
but Aces 90 plus% of the time so if we
get five bet we can just fold we can for
for bet fold for Value right it's the
same thing as like bet folding post flop
right we can forb bet and if our
opponents call well we are often going
to have the best hand we are going to
have initiative we're going to have more
hands in our range than just Aces and
Kings we're going to be tougher to play
against post flop and if our opponent
goes with the five bet we have a pretty
easy decision they're just going to have
Aces most of the time so with pocket
Queens here we can just fold quite a bit
of the time if our opponent starts to
five bet this doesn't mean we can never
cold call a three bet because I never
like to say never or always in poker
here's a situation where the perfect
storm aligns where we may want to
consider cold calling a three bet but
notice how different the reasoning is so
in this example fish is going to open in
the hijack we're 3,000 effective with
this player now a rag a player who is
playing for profit is going to three bet
in the cut off and now we're on the
button with a hand like pocket queens or
pocket kings or pocket Jacks in this
situation we maybe maybe maybe want to
consider cold calling because a couple
things happen here if we cold call we
are going to invite the fish into the
pot we are going to be last to act post
flop we are much much deeper with the
fish and we're not going to get blown
off our Equity here because most fish in
general are not going to foret nearly
enough most fish are passive right so
this fish is going to call quite a bit
and then the rag in the middle is going
to be kind of handcuffed post flop going
to have to play straight up because he's
got two other players in the pot and
this gives us a much bigger chance to
stack the fish who we are 3,000
effective with but for this to happen
kind of the perfect Confluence of events
has to line up 95% of the time probably
my advice I would just be playing for
bet or fold real quick if you guys are
enjoying this video all I ask please hit
that Thumbs Up Button subscribe it helps
us in the algorithm and that does great
things for everybody involved thank you
guys have a gentle day all right the
next way we see fear creep into our
decision-making in live poker the fear
of humiliation and this manifests itself
because players often bet Bluff small
out of position on rivers and they Bluff
catch too much so let's talk about these
two examples all right so in this one we
are in the big blind but in the
villain's going to open we're going to
defend with Queen 10 off is fine Jack n
dece we check our opponent C bets we are
going to call now they turn is the
innocuous four of diamonds we check it
checks back and now on this River we are
going to come out and Bluff and I often
see players just use this half pot size
because I guess they're getting a good
price on their Bluff and I see players
Bluff way way more in this situation
from out of position than I see them
Bluff from in position and my best guess
here the thing that I've come up with
why players are bluffing so often from
out of position because if the river
goes check check the out of position
player has to show first they have to
turn over Queen high and that's kind of
humiliating to show oh I I didn't stab
at this I have Queen High you have to
show that you have nothing here and I
often see this same situation play out
in position the same player who will
Bluff from out of position on a river
they will just see bet the Flop here
they'll double barrel the turn with a
straight draw and then the river is a
blank and they'll just check back and
give up up because when they are in
position well the out of position player
flips over their cards and they have to
show and the in position player can just
muck their Queen 10 no one has to see it
there is no fear of humiliation so
fear-based thinking on this river is I
don't want to have to show I don't want
to be humiliated and have to show Queen
High here not letting fear guide your
decision would be hey I have Queen High
bluffing probably outperforms the eveve
of giving up on this River what size do
I need to bet to Target the portion of
my opponent's range to get them to for
to have a profitable Bluff in this spot
you see we can often come to the same
decision again it's process over results
and one of the quickest ways I have
found working with hundreds of students
to improve your poker game is to Value
the thought process over what exactly
happens in the hand because you're never
going to play that exact spot with that
exact hand in that exact configuration
against that exact opponent ever again
so the results don't really matter what
matters is the thought process that
guided you to come to those actions and
if the thought process on this river is
well I'm just going to Bluff because I
don't want to be humiliated and have to
show Queen High bad if the thought
process is well you know when my
opponent SE bets and then checks back
the turn I think they're just going to
have a lot of Showdown value here so I'm
going to choose the size maybe on this
River to fold out a hand like 9x or
pocket eights or ace high because I
think it is more profitable than just
checking and giving up with Queen High
see we can come to the same decision but
the process of coming to that decision
in the second situation is going to lead
you to be a much more profitable play
player long term all right and fear of
humiliation can also lead us kind of to
excessive Bluff catching so we see in
this hand villain opens on the button we
defend in the big blind with 9 s Jack n
de we check it over our opponent cets we
call turn is a four of diamonds our
opponent goes half pot we have a pretty
easy call wide vers wide here now the
river is a three we check it over our
opponent bets once again and in this
spot fear is often driving our
decisionmaking because we think hey you
know what I don't want to be pushed
around here I don't want this guy to get
the best of me that is fear-based
decision-making I don't want to be
pushed around a good reason to consider
calling on this River would be hey in
this situation in a wide verse wide
configuration this player has too many
Bluffs getting to the river I believe he
is over bluffing once again can still
lead to the same action but the thought
process behind those two decisions is
completely and vastly different so we
are going to make the call and we are
good let's say same situation our
opponent opens on the button and now
they're going to C bet we call turn as a
four our opponent over bets and we think
well you know what maybe they're just
doing this to they're going to give up
on the river and they're just going for
that double barrel here we'll kind of
play fist tree chicken we call and now
we check and our opponent puts in all
the money and in this situation when the
Bluffs get big when the money gets
really really big the fear Bas thinking
often shifts from well this guy's trying
to push me around to holy crap that's
that's a lot of money I'm going to look
like an idiot if I'm wrong here so once
again players in our shoes are often
Bluff catching too much because of fear
in small pots and they're often Bluff
catching too little because of fear in
big pots in both cases fear is guiding
the decision we can ask much better
questions here to help us come to the
right decision in this spot I'd use the
bluff catching checklist and ask
questions like could we be beating some
of our opponent's value well no probably
not in the spot worst hand they're
betting for Value maybe a hand like Ace
Jack did we give our opponent rope well
yes we never check RIS we just check
call check call is our opponent capable
that's a question you're going to have
to answer yourself but if you're playing
against someone who exclaims look at
that sweet baby there every time the
Flop comes Jack n Deuce well maybe they
just might be capable all right finally
let's talk about two off- the- felt ways
in which fear might manifest itself in
poker decision-making and this would be
fear of uncertainty and we see this
through both obsession over bank roll
and when players study using solvers so
let's tackle these one by one and we'll
start with bank roll I see so many
players who aren't playing full-time who
are barely winning or or who are Break
Even or losing players just obsessed
about bankroll like hey you know I need
to build my bankroll no you don't you
don't they're just obsessed what does my
bankroll need to be to play 25 or what
does my bank roll need to be to play 510
none of this [ __ ] matters right if you
have a full-time job if you're not
playing poker for a living there are
many many more important questions to be
asked like how do I improve my win rate
what steps do I take to get better how
do I reach my goals in poker what kind
of actions can I be taking to help
myself reach these goals in poker over
the next year and usually those steps
are going to manifest itself through
improving our game rather than worrying
about some nebulous bankroll concern
that just doesn't mean anything if
you're not playing poker full-time now
there are times to worry about bankroll
but it's usually when you're going to be
a full-time player asking questions like
how much bank roll do I need to shot
take the 25 or shot take the 510 without
putting myself at serious risk of Rune
these are good questions to ask and
full-time players should be considering
this type of stuff but in General
part-time players players who aren't big
Winners don't worry about bankroll worry
about getting better first and the
bankroll will come finally the fear of
uncertainty I think guides a lot of
players study habits specifically when
using solvers and a lot of players are
so worried about scratching that
Curiosity it they just want to open up
the solver plug in the hand that they
just played and get the answer hey was I
supposed to bet Ace queen with the Queen
of Clubs in this spot hey was I supposed
to fold pocket Jack with the jack of
diamonds in this spot wondering if you
played a certain spot correctly
scratching that Curiosity itch letting
that fear of uncertainty drive your
decision-making is not going to help you
become a better poker player in the long
run this is letting fear guide your
decisions how I like to use solvers is
asking questions like is the population
under or over bluffing this spot well
how do I know let's Sim the spot let's
see what hands our opponent should be
bluffing with oh you know what maybe May
they're not bluffing with 97 suited here
maybe they're not bluffing with four
five suited maybe they're not turning
pocket threes into a bluff and just
saying hey the population is under
bluffing in this spot so we should be
over folding so again I'm not saying
don't use solvers I'm not saying don't
worry about bankroll I'm just saying
don't let your actions be guided by a
fear of uncertainty all right guys
hopefully this video showed you how you
can stop letting fear guide your
decision-making and also how you can
exploit the players who letting fear
guide their decisions thank you guys and
have a gentle day