there is an epidemic sweeping the poker
World tens of thousands of poker players
are already showing symptoms hopefully
you're safe but by the time you're
watching this statistically at least one
poker player you know will have been
infected if you hear a poker player in
your life utter the phrase that size
isn't a thing unfortunately they're
already far too gone it doesn't matter
if you tell them listen you big dummy if
you give a solver the sizes 5% pot and
500% pot it'll build a strategy where
those two sizes are in fact a thing they
still can't hear you while it may be too
late for them hopefully you can still be
saved so today I'm going to show you
five spots in poker where unconventional
sizes can win you the most amount of
money and if you ever hear anyone say
that size isn't a
thing run all right let's jump in first
example of where that size isn't a thing
the 8X check Rays as they pre- flop
razor so let me show you we are going to
open nines from the C off a wreck is
going to call on the button and flop
comes Jack n Deuce I promise I won't use
this board for every example in this
video I I promise I promise and we are
going to check our range as you know I'm
a big fan of checking my range out of
position to recreational players because
they tend to over stab Telegraph their
hand strength with their bet sizing and
they do not protect their checkback
range with strong hands so I am going to
check it over he is going to stab for
just about half pot and we are going to
put in the big boy check raise for $200
the 8X check raise all right so so we
use Mass data analysis we pulled
millions of hands filtered for fish
playing 25 NL and 50 NL online now this
isn't a perfect approximation for live
but it's going to be better than just
guessing randomly because fish who are
playing low stakes online are going to
have a lot of the same leaks as fish who
are playing live especially with their
pre- flap ranges so this is the range of
what a fish calls on the button versus a
cut off open as you can see very very
wide here and if you're wondering hey
why are Queens Kings Aces Ace King Su
why are those hands not in there those
hands are just getting three bet as you
can see here this is our strategy after
we check to them and they stab we are
just not using that 8X check Ray size
almost ever here on this board at
equilibrium here is their strategy when
we check raise 8X on this flop and as
you can see they're folding quite a lot
top pair overall for them is folding 70%
of the time so the king Jack Queen Jack
Ace Jack overall top pair is folding 70%
of the time they're also only continuing
with their flush draws about 50% of the
time at equilibrium as you can see here
a lot of their smaller flush draws like
the 76 of Spades 65 of Spades 75 of
Spades these hands are just folded at a
very very high frequency so I just went
in and locked two adjustments here
number one the top pair only folds 50%
of the time instead of 70% of the time
so they're calling 50/50 with top pair
to an 8X check Ray seems reasonable and
the flush draws are calling 75% of the
time instead of 50% of the time so we
bumped up the flush draws calling a
little bit more we bumped up the top
pair calling a little bit more again
didn't didn't go too crazy here top pair
is still folding 50% of the time to an
adex check rise flush draws are still
folding 25% of the time to an adex check
rise and after locking these two small
adjustments here is our new strategy as
you can see the 8X check Ray starts to
become used quite a bit here on this
flop all right so my takeaway here I'd
like to use these egregiously large
check R sizes against recreational
players when we start hands with a super
high spr if we are deep if we are in
single race pots even if we're in a
three bet pot and we start off
relatively deep these big check Ray
sizes allow us to play for all of the
money against players who are going to
make calling mistakes they have just
never seen someone check raay to 8X to
10x to 12x they're just going to call
way too much with their top pair with
their flush draws with their straight
draws Etc and they are going to put in
more money in general fish are the most
inelastic pre- flop and then they are
the second most inelastic on the Flop
they start to fold quite a bit on turns
and rivers that's where they start to
get a little bit more elastic we should
be piling in the money against fish when
they are the most in elastic post flop
and that is on the Flop all right
example number two of this size isn't a
thing the 1/3 pot siiz riverb in
position as a bluff let me show you all
right so we start this hand deep we are
playing 25 300 big blinds effective
villain opens in the cutof we three bet
on the Button he's going to call Queen
94 here and when he checks it over my Mo
three bet pots in position just choosing
a size where they raise off their strong
[ __ ] call with their weak [ __ ] usually
going to be smaller in three bet pots
and single race pots I'm going to go
about 1/3 pot here $50 they are going to
call turn is now a three look at that
sweet baby there we know have a gut shot
to the nuts here but more importantly
this is a spot where we are both deep
and our opponent is capped and when we
are deep and when our opponent is capped
we need less equity in our hand because
we have more fold Equity remember our
opponent is capped because they would
generally raise off hands like pocket 9
pocket fours Queen n suited on the flop
because the board is wet and dynamic and
we chose a small size also we start this
hand super super deep and the deeper we
are the more fold Equity we have
especially when our opponent is capped
so we are going to continue on this turn
when our opponent is capped I like to
use large sizes because our opponent is
not going to put in more money for us
with their strong hands so we are just
going to go big here on this turn our
opponent is never folding an ace high
flush draw a combo draw a queen Etc here
on this turn but they're also never
going to check raise and put in more
money for us with those hands if we bet
small so we go big our opponent calls
river is now a deuce and they check it
over I think this is super interesting
with seven High because we have a couple
options here I'd say good percentage of
the population maybe a majority of the
population even who is not going to want
to hang on with a one pair hand here and
what is their range when they get to
this River well most of their range is
going to be one pair hands the best hand
they have getting to this River at a
high frequency is going to be a hand
like Ace Queen now can they occasionally
have five six of Spades or Ace five of
Spades sure that's two combos of the
nuts they can have okay but if most of
the population here is going to start
folding king queen and queen Jack and
queen 10 when we jam on this River well
maybe just putting in all the money here
with seven high is going to be good
let's say we're up against a guy we just
don't think is folding Ace Queen hell he
may not even fold king queen queen Jack
Queen 10 even to an overb Jam here on
this River for all the money should we
just give up with seven high no of
course not we shouldn't give up with
seven High the option here on this River
if you are against a sticky opponent is
to use a very small Bluff size with
seven high so let's say this is our
opponent's range getting to the river he
has just a ton of Queen X he's got the
ace Queen he's got the king queen suited
maybe even a little king queen off and
Ace Queen off and then he's got the
queen Jack Queen 10 suited and then he
also has a bunch of flush draws these
Ace High flush draws some of these King
High fles draws and then some of these
suited connector type fles draws then
maybe we give him a sliver of jacks as
well that's stuck around for the big bat
on the turn so this is his range getting
to the river and remember this guy is
real sticky so if we jam on this River
we just don't think we're getting a ton
of folds from the queen X let's say if
jam on this River for 11:30 that Ace
Queen is calling something like 90% of
the time King Queen is calling 75% of
the time Queen Jack is calling maybe
5050 and queen 10 maybe we get a few
more folds maybe that calls 25% of the
time but in general he's just not doing
a lot of folding with top pair here now
let's consider this other one-third pot
siiz bet on the river and let's say he
just never folds any Queen X obviously
Ace queen king queen queen Jack Queen 10
are never folding if we bet 250 on this
River he's got a combo or two of the
nuts let's just say these always Jam the
ace five of Spades six five of Spades
and he's got a sliver maybe of fours
that didn't raise off on the Flop and
those Jam the river as well but let's
say when we do choose a size we just get
the King High fles draws to fold pure we
get the ace high fles draws to fold
maybe 90% of the time let's say he gets
sticky 10% of the time and calls us with
Ace 10 of Spades or something like that
occasionally for a hero call on this
River let's also say he calls with the
ace three of Spades ace deuce of Spades
and 54 and 64 of Spades maybe 20% of the
time here with third fourth and fifth
pair on this board and then the slivers
of pocket Jacks he gets here to this
River with those just are almost never
folding they're calling 90% of the time
here all right so with all those
assumptions being made with 7 six of
diamonds here you see the small bet is
our highest EV option we're winning $55
by just betting oneir pot on this River
you see we're losing a ton of money by
going for the jam here because our
opponent is just calling way too much
with Queen X and just as a really simple
demonstration here what does this mean
when we have a hand like pocket nines on
this board we are winning the most
amount of money here by just jamming on
this River when we have value because
our opponent is just not folding Ace
queen king queen queen Jack nearly
enough on this River so pocket nines
just wants to jam and put in the money
people just don't understand logic when
they say stuff like well you know if if
I go all in here I don't think he's
folding Ace Queen okay well you have a
really easy decision then if you don't
think he's folding Ace Queen you bet
small with your Bluffs and you bet huge
with your value and there's people say
well you know what I think this guy will
fold Ace Queen if I go all in okay well
then you also have an easy decision you
go all in with your Bluffs and choose a
smaller size that Ace Queen will call
whenever you have value it's really
really easy guys one of those two things
has to be true always and it is up to us
as poker players to figure it out all
right guys real quick if you're enjoying
this video if you're getting value out
of it if it helps your poker game in any
way shap or form just leave a comment
that says Hefty I think that's that's
good for the algorithm right thank you
guys have a gentle day all right let's
move on to spot number three of this
size isn't a thing the one3 pot siiz bet
on the river this time with value all
right so same kind of situation here cut
off's going to open we are going to
three bet he's going to call same flop
Queen 94 you guys know how much
discipline it took for me not to use
Jack n Deuce but you wanted some other
flops so I gave you some other flops
he's going to check we see bet small he
calls turn is a three giving us a combo
draw he checks it over once again on
this turn I think our opponent is capped
they're not going to be putting in more
money for us so I'm going to choose a
large size here on this turn we go 250
he calls and river is in Ace and now
he's going to check it over so this is
going to be our opponent's range getting
to the river some Queen X Ace queen king
queen queen Jack Queen 10 maybe some
slivers of jacks just like before and
then some busted flush draws the king
Jack King 10 suited 87 suited 76 suited
Etc and on this River we've got a little
bit of a quandry here because it's going
to be hard to get value now when an ace
comes on the River from a hand like
queen king or queen Jack so if we go too
big on this River we're just going to be
value owning ourselves against hands
like Ace Queen all the time and king
queen and queen Jack are just going to
fold so let's say we determine if we go
small on this River if we go oneir that
our opponent's going to call with king
queen maybe 90% of the time still all
the draws bricked here on this River
they maybe get sticky maybe the queen
Jack calls 75% the queen 10 calls 50/50
again not anything egregious here we're
choosing a
$250 bet into nearly 7 on this River
we're choosing the size where our
opponent is going to call with the queen
x a good percentage of the time and
let's say they just always Jam the ace
Queen in our face here when we choose a
small size and then the small small
slivers of pocket fours that they did
trap with those are always going to jam
as well as you can see here with the ace
five of Spades the small size $250 is
going to be our highest EV option on
this River the big size not so great
because when we go big again we just get
all the hands that are worse than us to
fold and in equilibrium when people say
well that size isn't a thing they are
right the reason the small size isn't
used in equilibrium is because it just
opens the action back up and then our
opponent can just start check raay
jamming a bunch of Bluffs in our face
and put us in a quandry but in live
poker this just doesn't happen in a pot
where you have three BET BET The Flop
and Pott of the turn and then an ace
comes on the river people just do not
check raise the river as a bluff and we
can use that against them we can exploit
that tendency against them and have a
higher EV line than trying to play
equilibrium here by using this small
size to squeak out a ton of value taking
advantage of the mistakes that our
opponents make all right spot number
four where that size isn't a thing and
I've been using this one quite a bit a
10% pot siiz C bet on an ace high board
in a 4B pot the hijack opens here the
cut off is going to three bet and we
look down at pocket aces on the button
what a spot for us we are going to put
in the cold four bet hijack gets out of
the way in the cut off calls flop comes
very very dry and static not really the
best board for us when we have Aces
because now it's going to be tough to
get value from hands like Queens Kings
Etc so our opponent is going to check it
over and I've been using this 10 to 12%
pot siiz CET on these Ace High boards
and forbet pots a lot and it is working
very very well so here is the range I
gave our opponent for continuing to our
forb bet it's going to be really really
heavily weighted to hands like tens
Jacks Queens some Ace Queen suited some
Ace King off Ace King suited hands like
that we think they sometimes maybe just
five bet the aces sometimes five bet the
Kings sometimes five bet the Ace King
suited it's going to be maybe some of
these smaller pairs as well in a sliver
a just a sliver of some suited
connectors and some suited Broadways in
here and just for reference our range
for cold four betting a cut off three
bet going to look something like this we
are just going linear linear linear all
of our good hands in the upper left hand
corner of this hot air hand balloon
chart okay so as you see here in
equilibrium the solver is playing kind
of a mixed strategy it's just mostly
preferring to check it's not really
using this 10% seab bet size all that
often it kind of prefers the quarter pot
seab bet or the check on this board but
let's look at what our opponent does in
equilibrium when we bet $50 here on this
board they're supposed to be really
really aggressive they're raising Ace
King North of
75% here they're raising pocket 9es 100%
% of the time here they're turning 9x
into a bluff like 109 and 98 suited
they're raising these under pairs that
they have at small frequencies like
eights and sevens and these suited
connectors like 87 suited and 76 suited
are just raising off here as well and
they're also turning these hands like
king queen king Jack suited into Bluffs
right now blocking hands like Ace King
and Ace Queen they're folding Jacks and
tens right around 75% of the time
overall so I made a couple small
adjustments here I had them raise a King
only 25% of the time as opposed to 75% I
had them not turn these king queen and
king Jack suited hands into Bluffs here
I had them raise nines maybe 75% of the
time instead of 100% of the time maybe
on this board that's so static and so
dry they trap with a middle set in a
four bed pot some of the time seems
reasonable right these eights and sevens
and 87 suited these are just not turning
into Bluffs it just it it it doesn't
happen and then finally the Jacks
intends facing a $50 seabat in a 4 $82
pot let's say these hands fold about 50%
of the time on the Flop instead of 75%
of the time now once we make just a few
small tweaks here the solver on this
board is not using the check not using
the quarter pot it is just using the 10%
potsize seet on this board all of the
time and in real world terms here the
reason why I think this tiny tiny seab
bet on these Ace High boards is so so
good for us is because when we have Aces
when we have this board locked down kind
of forces our opponents to call at least
once here when they have hands like
kings queens Jacks tens so we get value
from all these hands that we have
basically drawing dead also when we're
bluffing here say we have a hand like
King Jack suited in this spot it's
pretty good for us to use a small size
as well because it allows our opponent
to continue with hands like pocket
queens or pocket tens on this flop and
then we can get those hands to fold
quite a bit on the turn when we have
Aces here if they have the last Ace in
our hand we are going to stack that hand
anyway look the spr is already less than
two even with going with a small size on
the flap and a small size on the turn on
this board we're going to stack Ace King
almost no matter what so don't worry
about stacking Ace King worry about
getting another Street of value against
King's queens and Jacks here so the very
very small near 10% seab bet on the ace
high boards and four bet pots very good
all right finally spot number five where
this size isn't a thing the
1.5x over bet C bet on Ace High boards
let me show you all right so first you
guys know I am a big fan of just range
betting on almost every single board so
let me show an example Jack n Deuce one
more time I just had to sneak in one
more our opponent checks over and I'm
going to choose the size here where our
opponent is going to raise off their
strong [ __ ] and call with a weak [ __ ]
and usually about one half pot gets that
done we go $20 it's going to incentivize
our opponent to raise when they have
pocket nines pocket Deuces Jack n suited
Etc so all of their strong hands are
raising here they're going to float one
time with a lot of weaker hands but if
you look at the exact same spot here
where the board is ace9 Deuce rainbow
instead of Jack n Deuce with a flush
draw if we bet small on this flop our
opponent might not raise off their
strong [ __ ] because this board is so dry
and so static they don't really have
anything to worry about if our opponent
has a hand like pocket 's here or ace9
suited they may just call even if we bet
small so the problem is if we go small
on this flop well now we get to the turn
our opponent is still uncapped so we
can't use this big overb size on the
turn because our opponent still has
hands like pocket 9es pocket Deuces Ace
9 ace deuce Etc and if we choose the big
size again on the turn well our opponent
might slow play once more and we are
just going to run into brick walls on
the river that are just snapping us off
so our Bluffs will become a punt okay so
what if we make an adjustment here what
if we still see bet small on the Flop
but now because our opponent is uncapped
we choose a small size on the turn to
incentivize our opponent to raise when
they have hands like ace9 pocket NES
pocket Deuces that didn't raise on the
Flop so we go small on the turn to try
to encourage that to happen our opponent
just calls now the river is a deuce and
our opponent checks it over but the
problem is people just have so much acex
here and not only did they have Ace X
but if you've ever played live poker a
lot of people just flat pre flop with
hands like Ace King and Ace Queen
particularly from the big blind so even
if we overb on this River we can
sometimes get hands like ace5 or ace7 to
fold on this River but we are just going
to run into hands like Ace King or Ace
Queen quite a lot here that are never
folding on this River and the problem is
is our opponents have all the Ace King
and the ace Queen off and they don't
have all of the for example Ace s off
right they just have like Ace s suited
and ace6 suited so they have a lot more
combos of Ace King and Ace Queen and Ace
Jack on this board that just may never
fold because we haven't made the pot
very big yeah it's a 2X pot siiz bet but
they're not playing for all the money
and I don't think most live opponents
are going to fold even for a 2X pot siiz
bet when they get to this River with Ace
King or Ace Queen so here is a solution
we recommend at Hungry Horse poker on
these ace high static boards when we
were the pre- Flop Razer we use either
an overb or check strategy what hands do
we want to overbet well of course we
want to overbet our value if we have a
hand like Ace King if we have a hand
like pocket 9's pocket Deuces Ace 9 Etc
we would want to overb because when we
overb on this board our opponent is
never folding an ace to one bet they're
never folding a nine to one bet and even
if we bet small on this board we're not
going to entice our opponents to call
here with hands like 67 suited or pocket
fours on an ace9 dece rainbow board so
we go for the overb and just maximize
value against the ax and 9x the Bluffs
here we want to be a little more careful
remember it can be quite profitable to
run the big boy airball Bluffs if two
things are true number one if your
opponent is capped and number two if you
are very deep well the problem is here
our opponent is uncapped so we generally
don't want to start these big boy
airball Bluffs on the Flop the hands
that we may consider starting Bluffs
with here on this flop are the hands
that make it more likely that our
opponent is capped so I like to use
hands starting Bluffs hands that maybe
have a deuce in them or a nine in them
making it way less likely that our
opponent has a hand like pocket nines
pocket deuces a 9 suited and most of our
opponent's range is going to be ace X so
if you do have a hand like 97 suited or
King do suited not only is our
opponent's slightly more capped because
of The Blocking properties of our hand
but we also have a little bit more
equity in our hand as well we can hit
trips we can hit two pair and when we
are going to go for the overb on the
Flop and then the big bet on the turn
and the jam on the river that's when we
think we can start getting our opponents
to fold hands like Ace Queen Ace Jack
Ace 10 when we make them play for all
the money you may be wondering what do
we do with hands like 76 on this flop
that we don't want to overb most of our
range actually on this flop I would just
be checking back our opponents aren't
going to raise off their strong [ __ ] and
call it their weak [ __ ] they're not
going to give us more information about
their range usually no matter what size
we choose on this flop but when we check
back our opponents are going to tell us
a ton about the strength of their hand
on the turn once we check back the Flop
a lot of the times our opponent if they
have a very strong hand like Ace King
Ace Queen two pair or a set they're just
going to come out and choose a big size
on the turn if our opponent just has a
weak Ace or maybe a draw or something
like that a lot of the time live
opponents just use a smaller size or a
check if our opponent stabs big on the
turn well we know have a much more clear
idea of their range here and if our
opponent stabs small or checks here now
we can start applying a lot more
pressure with our Bluffs just knowing
our opponent is a little bit more capped
and when our opponent is capped and when
we are super deep we have more fold
equity and the more fold Equity we have
the less actual equity in our hand we
need to start running these big boy
Bluffs I like to think of equilibrium as
a delicate balance think of a seesaw and
there's two equal weight squirrels
sitting on each side of the Seesaw the
Seesaw is going to be even well if you
go over to this squirrel over here and
start plucking hairs off his tail all of
a sudden the seaa is going to go like
this just remember that equilibrium is a
balance and if one side is always
showing up with all the hair is plucked
off its tail well we have so much room
to just make more money that was a
horrible analogy it was it was horrible
regardless the next time you hear
somebody say that size isn't a thing
don't feel bad taking their money
because they're going to give it to
somebody and it may as well be you thank
you guys and have a gentle day