you often hear inexperienced poker
players say I can't wait to move up
where they respect my raises implying
once they move up to a level where
everyone plays good poker like them the
game will become easy but good poker is
anything but easy good poker isn't tight
aggressive or loose aggressive or any
type of predetermined style at all good
poker is amorphous it's shape-shifting
it's fluid it's constantly adapting and
adjusting and counter adjusting to the
seven or five or one other villain
sitting across from you and me I'm much
more interested in making the most
amount of money rather than being
perceived as good with that in mind I'm
going to give you four plays you've
probably seen bad players make plays
that on the surface might even be
considered fishy but in the right
context these plays could often be the
highest EV option here's four fishy
poker plays you should definitely add to
your toolkit if you care more about
winning money than being perceived as
playing good poker fishy poker play
Dontking or Leading
number one donking or leading as the pre
flop Coller we should consider this play
when there are fish in between us and
the pre flop razor we should probably
not use this play when fish are behind
the pre- Flop razor let's jump into a
couple examples and provide some context
here's what we should consider dunking
fish lims under the gun a rag isos here
and we are going to call in the big
blind with pocket fours bringing the
fish limper along flop comes Queen 94
pretty good for us we flap bottom set
here if we check in most cases the fish
is going to naturally check over to the
pre- flap razor and the pre-f flap razor
is not just going to be monkey stabbing
into two other people here best case
scenario is's going to be betting some
of the time but a lot of the times this
flop is just going to get checked
through what's going to happen if we get
lucky if the rag does have a good hand
like Ace queen or pocket kings the rag
is going to bet here and now we are in a
precarious situation if we check race
here on this flop we're going to be
shutting the fish out and what do fish
like to do they like to call well if
there's a bet in a check raise in front
of them we're be shutting the fish out
even if he has some draws here even if
he has some Queen X if he has hands like
9x or pocket eights or something that
would have called a bet but are
definitely folding to a check race we're
shutting the fish out of the pot and not
allowing him to make mistakes and what
player is going to make the most
mistakes in this hand the fish or the
rag what the fish is going to make the
most amount of mistakes and we want to
give him a chance to make those huge
mistakes this is a spot we want to
consider leading a lot of our strong
hands because what happens here is the
fish is just going to call and if the
rag LOL fold sometimes with a hand like
pocket tens or pocket jacks or something
like that who cares we are making most
of our money from the fish and it allows
us to play pots against the weaker
player who's going to make mistakes that
earn US money we should consider doning
on the flap when the fish is in between
us in the pre flap razor where we
probably shouldn't be using this
strategy and where you see bad or fishy
players use this say a rag opens under
the gun now a fish calls in the field
and we're in the big blind with pocket
fors this is not a situation we should
be donking if we check here the rag is
going to be stabbing some of the time he
could be checking quite a bit cuz it is
three ways but if the rag stabs well it
gives the fish a chance to call just a
small seab here and when it checks to
the fish here in position in general
they're just going to be over stabbing
way too much and this allows us just to
put in a big check raise and once again
play a pot against the fish without
shutting them out so a lot of good
things can happen here when we check if
the rag bets it gives the fish a chance
to call or we can put in a massive check
raise or if the rake checks it gives the
fish a chance to stab and either way we
can put in a massive check and play a
big pot against the fish who's going to
be making mistakes so this is when we do
not want to donk all right let's move on
Trapping PreFlop
to fishy play number two trapping pre
flop and generally when we are
relatively deep playing cash game poker
trapping pre flop is not something that
should be emphasized if we have good
hands we generally just want to three
bet four bet whatever Pile in the money
but when we should consider maybe doing
some trapping pre flap is when a strong
rag opens and there are fish behind when
we should not be trapping pre flop is
when a fish opens when a fish opens we
just want to three bet get they pot
heads up in position against a weaker
player who we are going to have a
massive skill advantage on let me show a
couple of examples here in this example
a strong rag opens under the gun and we
look down at pocket queens and if you
look behind us we've got a fish in the
cut off a fish on the button and a fish
in both of the blinds this is going to
be a common scenario when you are
playing lower stakes poker maybe one or
two other solid players at the table and
the rest of the table is going to be
recreational players and fish and so in
this specific example I would consider
flatting a lot of strong hands if we do
have a hand that can absolutely cooler
The Rake Aces or Kings we definitely
want to be three betting but I might be
flatting quite a bit here with hands as
strong as Queens Ace King Ace Queen
suited and you may be thinking well Mark
we're only three betting very very good
hands here isn't that exploitable by a
strong thinking player yes it is and so
we're not just three bet in the top of
our range when a strong rag opens see
I'd be flatting Queens here I would be
three betting maybe the top of my range
and the bottom of my continuing range so
let me show you an example versus an
early position open from a rag with all
fish behind when we are also early
positioned it may look something like
this I would always want to three at the
top of my range Aces Ace King suited and
pocket kings I'd be flatting here with a
lot of the upper middle portion of my
range so Ace Queen suited Ace Jack
suited king queen suited Ace King off
all of these hands would get flatted the
bottom of my continuing range versus an
early position open would get three bet
so maybe hand like Ace 5 suited King 10
Queen 10 Jack 10 109 the worst hands
that I would consider calling here
versus an under they gun open these
would be three bet now let's say a rag
opens from the cut off and we are on the
button and there's two fish behind in
the blinds my three betting range
against a rig may look something like
this again the top of my range but that
expands a little bit because we're late
position so now queens and Ace King off
might always be in there and the bottom
of our range now expands to slightly
worse hands because this is a late vers
late configuration so I may be three
betting some smaller suited connectors
maybe my worst suited Aces Ace Duce and
ace6 maybe a suited King like king8
suited King n suited Jack N9 suited 108
suited something like that the middle of
my range all my suited Broadways my
pocket pairs Ace Queen off king queen
suited Etc all these hands would now be
flatted a hand like ace5 suited ace4
suited these are now more near the
middle of our range and we don't want to
be three betting these the overall point
is when a strong rag opens we want to be
doing a lot of flatting with the upper
middle portion of our range when the
rest of the table is going to have a lot
of fish behind all right guys real quick
if you're enjoying this video If you
think this is helping your poker in any
way ship or form please just leave a
comment that says smooch and I will
consider kissing you which is a a win
for you a win for me a win for everybody
involved thank you guys have a gentle
day all right fishy poker play number
Min Click Value
three Min clicking value we've all seen
fish do this they have a hand they like
but they don't love and they M click
they raise it like 2x we want to
consider doing this when our opponent
has a linear range we don't want to do
this when our opponent has a more polar
range so linear simply means good better
best it's going to mean our opponent is
probably not bluffing they probably just
have a decent hand when our opponent is
polar it means they're going to have
either a very strong hand or a bluff so
let's jump in and I will show you when
to use this Min click value play all
right so in this one we open Queen 10 of
clubs in the cuto villain on the button
calls Queen 76 and as you guys know I'm
a big fan of checking my entire range
out of position to recreational players
because in general they tend to over
stab Telegraph their hand strength with
their bet sizing and they do not protect
their check back range so I'm just going
to check here with top pair and our
opponent goes little under half pot we
are going to call turn now is a five of
clubs bringing in a back door flush draw
which we have along with top pair we're
going to check our opponent goes a
little under half pot again and our hand
good enough as a bluff catcher here a
lot of mistakes I see more novice poker
players make is just turning top pair
with a draw into a bluff for some
inexplicable reason no we are just ahead
here a lot of the time right we're ahead
here of hands like 78 pocket eight
pocket n hands like 68 suited that are
just clicking here that are just going
to check back on the river Etc we're
just ahead of enough stuff so we are
going to call River now is a Deuce of
Clubs and our opponent still has the
lead now just a little side note this
may be an example where I'd consider
doning because in live poker most
opponents don't vow you bet thinly
enough or Bluff enough so in general
this river is just going to go check
check a lot for the sake of this example
we are going to check it over to our
opponent and our opponent is going to go
$75 that means they're going to have a
more linear range when our opponent
chooses a small size in position on the
river it's going to be kind of an under
Bluff spot now if we're in position and
our opponent's out of position and they
choose a small size from out of position
that can often be a bluff because they
don't want to face the embarrassment of
the river going check check and them
having to turn over their cards first
where they have nine high or 10 high or
something like that and they have to
show when they're in position often
times they just don't Bluff when they
have a bluff they just check it back
because we have to show first they don't
face the embarrassment and they can just
say I missed and muck their cards so
usually the small bet in position is
going to be hands that they like but
don't love this is not going to be a
bluff and it's not going to be very
strong hands because if it was a strong
hand if they had a hand like 89 here or
they had a hand like pocket sevens they
would generally just size up more fear
and greed Drive live poker players
decisions I'm sure you've heard me say
it if they had a strong hand they would
just size up because they get greedy so
what is this going to be it's going to
be a lot of hands like Ace queen queen
king queen Jack it's just going to be a
ton of Queen X here so this would be a
spot to Min click when we have value
because in this spot if we raise big
what's a hand even as strong as Ace
Queen going to do here they're going to
fold so our opponent is repping a linear
range here they're probably not bluffing
and they just don't have very many
strong hands so this would be a spot to
go for the Min click with value maybe we
just raise it up a 100 bucks a little
bit more than a m click make it super
easy for our opponent to just call with
one chip where we don't want to use this
is when our opponent is more polar when
they are repping either a very strong
hand or a bluff so let me show you our
opponent opens in the cuto we are going
to three bet on the button with Ace King
of Hearts here and our opponent is going
to call flop comes 543 as you guys know
my M Mo three bet pots in position I am
just range betting I'm betting every
single hand for a small size this is no
exception I bet small our opponent calls
turn is now a 10 and at this point in a
late vers late configuration I think ace
high has a little bit of Showdown value
we beat the ace high flesh draws the
Broadway fles draws hands like A6 for an
open in straight draw so we don't have a
ton of Showdown value here but we do
have a smidge so I may check back with
Ace King High now the river is an offit
King and our opponent comes out and Bets
a little over half pot this is not a
spot where I would be Min raising with
value because our opponent is repping a
more polar range if our opponent gets to
this River with hands like King Queen of
Spades or King Jack of Spades even if
they have a king here they generally
just check on this River to check call
because what hand did they put us on
well they put us on Ace King when we
three bet pre flop see bet the Flop and
check back the turn so they're not going
to come out and just monkey bet when
they have a king here usually this bet
is going to either represent a bluff
either a hand that completely missed a
six of Spades or a relatively strong
hand King 10 of Spades or pocket tens or
something like that so our opponent in
this spot is either repping a very
strong hand like two pair plus which we
lose to with Ace King or they are
repping a bluff which obviously we beat
with Ace King so Min clicking here just
doesn't accomplish a whole lot because
our opponent's range just does not have
a lot of hands like single pair King X
in it that's going to call a raise here
in this spot so if we have Ace King of
Hearts here not a spot to M click we
probably just want to call and just a
fun little bonus for you guys if we do
get here with the hand like Ace queen of
hearts that doesn't necessarily have
Showdown value this is the spot we may
want to Min click and you may be
thinking well why are we Min clicking
against a polarized range we didn't want
to do that when we have value well we
have a bluff here the thing is a a lot
of villains at these Stakes will just
come out and monkey bet on the river
when they have a hand like pocket sixes
or 5 six because they don't know what to
do now this isn't going to be a king at
a high frequency it's not going to be a
10 at a high frequency but it's going to
be a lot of weaker hands that they're
just monkey bluffing with because they
don't know what to do and some stronger
hands so this may be a spot where we
could just Min click here to 320 350 get
our opponent to fold hands like five six
pocket sixes pocket sevens that they're
just inexplicably bluffing with and we
just don't risk all that much we don't
lose all that much when our opponent
actually shows up with a strong hand
here like pocket 10s or King 10 of
Spades when they have a polarized range
the Min click when bluffing is actually
pretty pretty good all right fishy play
Small Bet in Position
number four the small bet in position on
the river if you've ever played with a
solver and you try to give it small bets
on the river in position and also give
it medium or big bets it's almost never
going to prefer the small size the
reason being it just does doesn't like
to reopen the action very very thinly
and allow our opponent to check raise us
off our equity in equilibrium land the
solver usually prefers to use medium to
Big bets in position on the river it
almost never ever ever uses the small
bet in position on the river but I think
this play can be pretty good against
live opponents so when we should use the
small bet in position on the river when
we have thin value targeting a weak
range this makes sense right we have top
pair and our opponent just doesn't have
very many strong hands so we want to bet
small to ensure they can call with worse
also when we have Bluffs targeting a
strong range let's say our opponent gets
to the river with either top pair Plus
or busted draws and we have seven High
well a small bet on the river in
position could be very nice because we
just get them to fold their busted draws
and we're going to lose the minimum when
they have top pair when not to use this
when we have thick value targeting a
strong range so say for example we have
a set and our opponent has a lot of two
pair we don't want to go small we just
want to win the max there or Bluffs
targeting a weak range when our opponent
has a very weak range and we get to the
river with seven high or 10 high or
something when they have a weak range we
can just go for a near range fold so we
want to be using a big size so let's
jump into examples of the small bet in
position on the river first when to use
it all right first example when to use
us when we have thin value targeting a
weak range so our opponent opens in the
cuto off we three bet on the button with
A5 of Spades they call look at this we
flop a combo draw we're going to C bet
small in a three bet pot in position our
opponent calls now the turn is an eight
they check it over when our opponent is
capped on the turn I'm using a very big
size what does Capp mean generally they
just don't have very many strong hands
when our opponents are capped and
they're not going to put in more money
for us I generally like to use a big
size so I go 250 here just over pot our
opponent calls now the river is an Ace
and our opponent checks it over and this
is the example here what do we want to
Target on this River hands like King
Jack Queen Jack Jack n suited but those
hands have been downgraded on the river
when an ace comes we would have to bet
relatively small to get those hands to
call so thin value targeting a weak
range here I may use a oneir pot sizing
to Target hands like King Jack Queen
Jack Jack 10 another example of where to
use a small bet in position on the river
when we have Bluffs targeting a strong
range so say our opponent opens in the
cut off we three bet with 76 flop comes
King 105 we're just C betting our entire
range in position our opponent calls
turn is now four we turn open ended and
generally on this turn once again our
opponent has capped because they're not
going to have pocket kings that would
forb bet pre- flop pocket 10s or pocket
fives would check raise on the Flop King
10 would check RS on the flap they're
just going to have a lot of top pair
here a lot of big draws so we are going
to go big on this turn because our
opponent is capped now we get to the
river and we brick on this River and
when our opponent checks it over we've
got an spr of less than one if our
opponent has a hand like Ace king king
queen king Jack here they are probably
not folding even if we Jam but if we bet
very very small here right if we just
breathe on this pot our opponent May
fold hands like Ace Jack of Spades or
queen Jack or Jack n of Spades or
something like that if we get the ace
highs the queen highs the Jack highs
here to fold that is a huge print for us
when we have seven High getting to this
River and we just know we don't need to
go all in to get those hands to fold
when we go all in we're just going to
lose the max when our opponent shows up
with King X here so we can just get a
much better price on our Bluff so when
our opponent has a very strong range
often using this small size on the river
with Bluffs is pretty pretty good where
we should not use the small bet in
position on the river is when we have
thick value targeting a very strong
range so let's go back to this Ace 5
example but let's say in this example we
have pocket eights instead of Ace five
of Spades and we get to to this River
and the river is an Ace and now we have
thick value and we can Target a very
strong range we can Target a lot
stronger hands hands like Ace Jack ace
four of Spades Ace eight of spades even
a hand like Ace queen or Ace 10 of
Spades I don't think any of those hands
are folding for a very big size so we
would not want to use a small bet in
position on the river when we have thick
value and we can Target a very strong
range we may just want to go all in
targeting our opponents to pair and asex
of Spades one final example of where not
to use this again is when we have Bluffs
targeting a weak range we talked about
when we have blust targeting a strong
range is pretty good but when we have
blust targeting a weak range we probably
don't want to use a small size and here
is why so say we have seven six of
diamonds on this King 10 five flop again
we see that our opponent calls now a
flushing card comes in on the turn our
opponent remember would raise off if
they have King 10 suited pocket 10
pocket fives on the Flop so getting to
this turn well our opponent doesn't have
two paing sets but they do have some
flushes when the nuts change on the turn
we like to size down and give our
opponents another chance to raise off
their strong [ __ ] and call with their
weak [ __ ] fear and greed Drive their
decisions Fe Fe being they don't want a
fourth flushing card to roll off greed
being they have a very strong hand they
want to Pile in money now so our
opponent here on this turn is going to
raise off when they have flushes and
remember they don't have two pairing
sets because those would have mostly
raised on the Flop now we get to the
river after our opponent just calls on
the turn so we know now our opponent
does not have two pair in sets at a high
frequency and they do not have fleshes
at a high frequency what is our
opponent's range going to be getting to
this River well it's going to be a lot
of single pair hands with just a spade
and on this case when the flesh gets
there our opponent has a much weaker
range than when the board bricks out
because we know they don't have flushes
we know they don't have two pair or sets
and our opponent probably is not going
to get nearly as sticky with a hand like
king queen or King Jack when the flush
comes in because it's harder to put us
on the bluff so when we have a bluff
targeting a weak range that's not when
we want to use a small bet because now
we think we can get a range fold we may
be able to get a hand to strong as Ace
King to fold here we can certainly get
king queen king9 suited to fold here we
are targeting a weak range and we'd
probably not want to use the small bet
we want to use the big bet here on the
river all right guys hopefully you're
like me and you care way more about
winning a bunch of money rather than
being perceived as playing good poker
and hopefully these four fishy plays you
can add to your toolkit right away and
start stacking that money to the ceiling
thank you guys and have a gentle day