over betting it's confusing I'm going to
show you how to implement over bets in
your game profitably when to use them
for Value when to use them as a bluff
and how to implement them on every
street we'll start off with when to use
overb bets on the Flop let's jump in on
the Flop I'm going to choose a size
where our opponents are going to raise
off their very strong hands and call
with their weak hands so we see a flop
here Jack n Deuce we have pocket N9 and
when we go around half pot here usually
that's going to force our opponents to
raise off hands like pocket Deuces and
Jack n suited hands that we cooler that
are going to put in more for us and also
it's going to entice our opponent to
continue with a bunch of weak [ __ ] maybe
hands like pocket eights or pocket sixes
with a spade that we essentially have
drawing dead so this is very very good
when we're value betting to choose the
size where they raise off their strong
[ __ ] and call it their we [ __ ] which
means when we see bet here with a hand
like 76 of diamonds and our opponent
just check calls well getting to the
turn most of the time the best hand
they're going to have is a hand like Ace
Jack or King Jack which is really really
good for us for bluffing across turns
and rivers because it just greatly
greatly reduces the likelihood that we
run into two pair or a set if we
continue barreling here with a hand that
has very very low Equity or air but what
if there's a situation where our
opponents will not raise off their
strong [ __ ] and call with a Reit so let
me show you we have pocket sevens here
opening on the button our opponent calls
in the big blind flop comes A7 Deuce
here and we flop middle set now the
problem with this board is this board is
maybe the most static and the most dry
flop in all of live poker most people in
poker understand a difference between
dry and wet a dry board just doesn't
have a lot of draws a wet board has a
lot of draws static versus Dynamic is
actually more important I found for the
amount opponents will Fast play their
hands and a static board simply means
the nuts are not going to change very
often on the turn so we look at a flop
like this pocket aces are still going to
be the nuts on almost every turn card in
the deck a dynamic board would be where
a lot of cards change the nuts on the
turn even if we bet 20 here our
opponents may feel very very comfortable
just slow playing with a hand like
pocket Deuces or ace deuce or A7 suited
and the problem is when we have a very
strong hand they're not raising off
their strong [ __ ] on a board that's just
static also our opponent probably aren't
calling with a bunch of weak [ __ ] on
this board when we bet small either what
hand do our opponents put us on when we
raise pre- flap and then C bet on the
Flop on an a high board usually they're
like he's got Ace King so when we see
bet on this board I would be very very
surprised if our opponents continue with
under pairs to the seven hands like
pocket sixes pocket fives pocket fours
stuff like that whereas on Jack n Deuce
I would just argue our opponents are
going to continue with under pairs to
the nine almost all the time they're
just going to continue with pocket
eights pocket sevs pocket sixes but on
this board on the ace high board betting
small here on this board does really get
our opponents to raise off their strong
[ __ ] or call with a rehit so it's not
that great when we have value and when
we're bluffing here say we have a hand
like 8 nine of Spades right we've got
three to a back door straight flush it's
also not that good to choose the size
when we're bluffing here because the
problem is our opponent is not going to
raise off their strong hands right now
if we go half pot on this flop with a
hand like eight nine of Spades and our
opponent calls well they are not capped
getting to the turn and the problem is
if we go big on the turn our opponents
may slow play a hand like pocket Deuces
or rocket sevens or A7 suited again on
the turn and now we're just going to run
into a brick wall bluffing across turns
and rivers and if we go small on the
turn again well our opponent May raise
off some of their two pair and sets on
the turn sure but now getting to the
river they can just have a lot of Ace
Queen Ace Jack and the pot's very very
small because we bet small on the Flop
and small on the turn and so our
opponent's just going to Hero us down a
lot with top pair because our opponents
aren't going to raise off their strong
[ __ ] and call with the rehit on this
board it is not good to choose this kind
of small size with either our value or
are bluffs so the adjustment I would
make on this particular board I would
employ an overb or check strategy I'd be
putting almost all of my strong hands
into the overb category and you may be
wondering well aren't we getting
exploited if we don't check back any
strong hands well I'd be checking back a
lot of asex here to be clear I'd be
checking back some ACE Jack Ace 10 Ace 9
Etc but I just be putting all my hands
in the let's start putting in the big
money category right now so pocket
sevens Ace s ace deuce Ace King Ace
Queen all of these hands would just be
over betting on the Flop trying to get
the money in now you may be wondering
where are the Bluffs coming from well
the Bluffs are going to come from our
hands that block them having very strong
hands that could call us down I think
blockers are overused in live poker and
people misapply them all the time but
this is one of the spots where I
actually would use blockers to inform my
strategy and I would want to use hands
that have either a deuce or a seven in
them to start my Bluffs here on the flop
because if you think about if we go
overb overb jam on this board what hands
are going to call us down well really
only two pair in sets so having a deuce
or or a seven in our hand as the hands
that start over bet bluffing here on the
flap are very very good if we think we
can get hands like Ace Queen Ace Jack
Ace 10 to fold by the river this would
be the spot on the flap where I would
start using over bits hey guys real
quick my name is Maron I've made over
seven figures playing poker wow you're
so dominant and I make these videos to
help you guys climb past low stakes so
hopefully one day you can join us at
Hungry Horse poker where we can help you
learn to crush mid to high stakes and
Beyond if you're enjoying the video All
I Ask hit the Thumbs Up Button subscribe
to the channel thank you guys have a
gentle day on the turn I am using over
bets when our opponent is capped all
right so first let me show you an
example where our opponent is not capped
say we open a six of spades on the
button our opponent calls flop comes
Jack n Deuce we see bet small remember
we're going to choose a size where they
raise off their strong [ __ ] and call
with a Reit if possible definitely
possible on a dynamic wet board such as
this one so we go small our opponent
check calls now the turn is a four is
our opponent capped here and I would say
no our opponent is not capped and the
reason why they're not capped when the
flushing card comes in on the turn is in
live poker opponents are going to play
their flush draws too passively they're
not going to have any two pair of sets
here those hands raise off on the Flop
but flush draws for the most part do not
raise off on the flap so on this turn
our opponent is not Capp so I would not
be choosing big sizings let's say they
check it over to us if our opponent does
have like a 10 High flush or an eight
High flush and we bet small on this turn
well our opponent is going to put in
more money for us same kind of concept
as the Flop right where they raise off
their strong [ __ ] and call with their we
[ __ ] and if our opponent does have a
weak hand a hand like Queen 10 with a 10
of Spades or something like that the we
have essentially drawing dead here by
betting small we're also going to entice
our opponent to call with her weak [ __ ]
so when our opponents are not capped on
the turn again I would be choosing a
more moderate or small sizing but let's
go back to the example where we have
pocket NES we see bet on the flap our
opponent check calls and now the turn is
a complete blank in this example our
opponent is capped because remember our
opponents are raising off two pair and
sets at a very high frequency on the
flap so getting to this turn which
really doesn't change anything except
bringing in a couple combinations of
pocket fours some times really the best
hand our opponent can have here is a
hand like Ace Jack or King Jack and so
is it possible to choose a size here on
the turn where our opponent raises off
their strong [ __ ] and calls with their
weak [ __ ] not really because our
opponent's not going to raise off a hand
like Ace Jack or King Jack here and they
just don't have two pair or sets because
those hands raise off on the Flop so
when our opponent is capped I generally
want to choose a very very big size and
with pocket nines I would want to choose
a very very big size here because our
opponent is just never folding Ace Jack
or King Jack or an ace high fles draw so
we can go very very big here on the turn
I'd probably choose a size something
like $150 on this turn if we had a bluff
here on this turn again if we had seven
six of diamonds that started an airball
Bluff on the flap I would also want to
choose an overb size here because again
our opponents are going to be completely
inelastic they're just not going to fold
top pair top kicker ace high flesh draws
Queen High flesh draws none of those
hands are folding the best Bluff is a
bluff where our opponent calls the Flop
calls the turn and then folds the river
so if we think we can get our opponents
to fold their ace high flesh draws when
they break on the river maybe some Queen
Jack some jack 10 some King Jack on the
river if we put in a 2X overb Jam On the
River I think that's pretty realistic
what we want our opponents to start
piling in more money on the turn when
we're bluffing as well all right now
let's talk about rivers and in General
on flaps and turns I generally play my
value and my Bluffs the same way because
they have the same goals my value wants
them to put in as much money as possible
getting to the river and my Bluffs also
want my opponents to put in as much
money as possible getting to the river
so this is going to sound very
Elementary it's going to sound so simple
and ridiculous but I think poker can be
simple if you let it be simple on the
river I'm going to choose over Bets with
Bluffs when my opponents cannot have
very strong hands and also on the river
I'm going to choose over Bets with value
when my opponents can have very strong
hands all right so again we have pocket
nines on this turn we are going to overb
because our opponents are capped now we
get to the river which is a blank in
offit 3 and our opponent checks over to
us so with value in this spot I probably
would not want to choose a huge overb
here because I think the best hand our
opponent has again getting to this River
when they check call flop check call
turn is probably going to be a hand like
Ace Jack so I'd want to choose a size
with our value here that targets Ace
Jack so maybe a size somewhere in the
400 ballpark a very very small overb
where I would go crazy here with the
overbet if we had seven six of diamonds
on this River I would be choosing the
big boy overbet size because our
opponent cannot have a very strong hand
so if I had 7even six of diamonds here I
would be piling in all of the money 8
$110 because I think we can get our
opponents to fold certainly hands like
King Jack Queen Jack Jack 10 on this
River at a very high frequency so if I
had a bluff here when our opponents
cannot have a very strong hand getting
to the river that's where I would use
the big boy overb Bluff let's say we
overb this turn and now the river is an
Ace and we get here with pocket nines
well this is a river where our opponent
can have a lot of strong hands what
strong hands can they have well they can
have Ace Jack here ace deuce of Spades
they can have a hand like ace four of
Spades so on this River our opponent can
have just a t T of two pair getting to
the river that's just never going to
fold so when our opponent can have
strong hands and we can beat those
strong hands that's when I would choose
the big boy overbet size on this River
with value if I got to this River with a
bluff with a hand like 7even six of
diamonds this would not be a spot where
I would want to choose the big boy
overbet size I'd probably just want to
get hands like King Jack Queen Jack Jack
10 to fold on this River and that would
not take a very big bet so this would be
a spot where I'd go huge with my value
and pretty pretty small with my Bluffs
which would be the opposite of the
strategy on a blank River all right guys
hopefully you enjoyed this video on when
to overb and how to implement it in your
game profitably hopefully it skyrockets
your win rate and turns you into the
biggest boy possible thank you guys and
have a gentle day