I want to talk about maybe the most
profitable line in all of live poker if
you're not doing this three four five
times a session well let's add a couple
big blinds an hour to your win rate
today let's talk about the seabat Flop
checkback turn Bluff catch river line
and why it is so so so good all right so
we are playing 25 1K effective with the
villain here villain's going to open up
the cut off and as you know I like to
play three better fold when recreational
players open the only time I'm really
flatting in live poker is when a very
strong Pro opens and there's fish behind
or when I'm in the big blind closing the
action so I'm going to put in a three
bet here and the villain is going to
call we're going to a flop Jack n Deuce
with a couple of Spades very special
flop a very special flop in my heart
villain is going to check it over and in
three bet pots in single race pots in
any heads up pot I am range betting in
position because this is where Live
players make the most mistakes when
you're in position and you range bet
going to be very very hard to play
against and in general I like to choose
a size where they raise off their strong
[ __ ] and still call with their weak [ __ ]
so in single pots usually around half
pot gets that job done in three bet pots
I like to go a little bit smaller
because the absolute size of the pot is
a little bit bigger so usually around 30
to 40% pot with my entire range here
that's what I do I go 50 into 147 and
villain calls we go to a turn which is a
four of Hearts he checks it over at this
point I think we've got plenty of
Showdown value here our hand is probably
too thin to bet for three streets so I
am going to check it back now the river
is the innocuous three of clubs and I'm
going to show you three different
scenarios on the river number one when
villain comes out and Bets half pot here
number two when villain comes out and
Bets full pot here and finally number
three when villain checks on this River
so three different scenarios let's talk
about how to play all three right now
and I'm going to show you why this line
is so so so profitable all right first
let's talk about when villain comes out
and Bets half pot on this River number
one when we three bet pre- flop do you
think villains call too much or fold too
much well in live poker they probably
call a little bit too much they get to
the Flop a little bit too wide now when
we see bet small on the Flop do you
think they raise off too much of their
strong stuff or do you think they trap
too much I would say when we choose a
small size on the flap particularly on a
wet Dynamic board such as this one
villains in general are going to raise
off too much of their strong stuff when
they just call on the Flop now the turn
goes check check they're calling too
wide pre- flap they're calling too much
of their weak stuff on the Flop they're
raising too much of their strong stuff
on the Flop they just have too much air
they have too many draws at bricked the
nice thing is when they get to this
River you've heard me talk about this
before fear and greed drives Live
players decisions so much and when they
get to this River with a very strong
hand like Ace Jack or pocket queens or
something like that they're just going
to come out and choose a bigger size
when villain bets half pot on the river
this is supposed to be our continue
range as you see here Ace 9 is just
going to be a pure continue we're
calling with Ace 9 of Hearts any Ace 9
actually 100% of the time here on this
River but now I want to go through and
as we like to do I like to make a few
node locks here and change villain's
response so let's look at Ace 9 on this
River we are winning $233 when we call
with Ace 9 on this River so already a
very very profitable Bluff catch but
let's go through a node loock I'm going
to show you why in actuality in live
poker in the real world it's actually a
more profitable Bluff catch than an
equilibrium so let's go through and
let's start with the Flop here and this
is supposed to be villain's response
when we bet $50 into 147 on the Flop if
we lock ourselves to be range betting
they're supposed to be raising quite a
bit right they're supposed to be raising
like 20% of hands I would argue this
doesn't happen so let's go through and
let's make a few adjustments so we will
go to set strategy and Nod loock let's
go through and let's look how villain's
playing their range first of all let's
go through and look how they're playing
their flush draws I would argue that
they are not playing flush draws this
aggressively so we'll have them play
flush draws just a little bit more
passively now let's look at the openend
straight draws here and let's see how
aggressively they're playing these again
I would argue they're not going to play
these this aggressively let's go through
and look at the four out straight draws
again there's just no way they're
playing four out straight draws this
aggressively so let's turn that down
let's look at combo draws this actually
looks good so they're going to be
playing combo draws pretty aggressively
I think we can agree that is realistic
let's at the sets and I would argue that
sets probably play just a little bit
more aggressively here so let's just be
conservative let's turn this up just a
little bit and then finally let's look
at two pair how they're playing two pair
here and actually I would argue that two
pair maybe traps a little bit more than
this they're still going to play two
pair very aggressively maybe raising 80%
of the time but I would argue sometimes
they just call with a hand like Jack n
suited or something like that finally
let's look at these pocket pairs down
here these fours these threes these
hands are just never raising in a three
bet pot and let's look at these Ace King
off Ace Queen off hands again these
hands are just never raising all we
really did here is we turned down their
frequency of bluff raising on the Flop
and overall their two pair and sets are
still fast playing at about the same
amount in equilibrium so those are all
the changes we made here on the Flop
let's go through and we are going to
lock this and save and close we will go
back to our post flop tree Builder and
we will click go and we will wait for
this to solve all right if you remember
before in equilibrium our Ace 9 of
Hearts was printing
$233 48 here you can see right here by
calling on this River in equilibrium we
are winning $233 48 so now let's see
just by locking their flop response and
having them play a little bit less
aggressively with their draws on the
Flop now let's see how much we're
winning with ace9 of hearts on this
River look at that sweet baby there we
are winning over $60 more on this River
just by having them play their draws a
little bit more passively on the flap
because when they get to this River now
they just have too many draws right they
just have too many draws that bricked
they just have too many floats that
bricked which forces them to Bluff more
and when they get to this River with a
lot of their busted draw s when they get
here with air when they get here with
nothing they're just not going to be
using the big size all the time they're
going to be much more weighted towards a
small size and when they get here with
very strong hands I would argue they're
probably going to be a little bit more
weighted to the big size so let's go
through and let's nod loock and see how
this affects our Bluff catching
profitability on this River all right so
here is what they are supposed to do on
equilibrium on the river getting here
with this range that we locked on the
Flop they're supposed to be using this
big size on the river this pot size
about 21% and this small size about 19 %
so let's go through and lock this let's
see how they're playing let's make a few
tiny tweaks so we will go to set
strategy and node lock here if they did
just call with a set on the Flop like
pocket jacks or pocket nines which they
are doing sometimes maybe 20% of the
time what size are they using on this
River well I would argue this is not
accurate they're not going to check the
river again they're not going to use a
small size on the river with a set once
the turn goes check check in a three bet
pot I would argue players just get a
little bit more greedy they're going to
use the big size just a little bit more
so let's shift that over to the big size
a little bit more let's look at two pair
here two pair again I would argue the
big size is just going to be used more
than the small size now let's look what
happens when they get here with nothing
when they get here with a brick draw and
I would argue that the small size is
probably going to be used a little bit
more than the big size here when they
get here with a bricked draw the
co-founder of Hungry Horse poker my good
friend Guth and Jacobs high stakes
online Crusher for a long long time he
said if he just folded every single time
a recreational player bet greater than
3/4 pot on the river he would have so so
so much more money today because in enal
when they use the big size they just
don't have enough Bluffs in the big size
so you see we haven't gone crazy here
we've just made sure that when they have
nothing going to the river they just use
the small size a little bit more and
when they have two PA and sets going to
the river they use the big size a little
bit more finally let's check out what
they're doing with a hand like top pair
they're using the big size more than the
small size which I think is fine here
and let's go through and lock this River
we will save and close go back to our
post flop tree Builder we will click go
and then we will show you the results
all right so here is equilibrium as you
remember when they bet half pot on this
River we are calling about 45% of the
time and ace9 of Hearts is winning
$233 on this River by calling and here
is our strategy after doing just a
little bit of node locking look at this
we are now calling nearly 60% of the
time ace9 of Hearts is now winning
$320 by calling on the river so almost
$90 more do than we were winning in
equilibrium as you can see we're just
not folding here we're folding 8% of our
range on this River when they bet half
pot you can see things are starting to
get a little bit wonky here it's
starting to raise Ace 9 and turn it into
a bluff sometimes I would not
necessarily recommend that we have not
locked their response for when we raise
I would argue when we raise this River
they're probably going to be massively
underfolding if they do occasionally
have a top pair two pair if you don't
believe that nolock strategy necessarily
applies in your game well still it
doesn't matter we were already printing
on this River by calling when they bet
half pot now we are printing even more
all right next I very quickly want to
take a look at what happen happens when
they come out and bet pot on this River
what should we be doing with our Bluff
catchers when they bet full pot on this
River after the turn goes check check we
see here in equilibrium when they bet
pot on the River of course we're doing a
lot more folding which makes sense ace9
still a profitable Bluff catcher here on
this River we are winning $15 by calling
on this River so it's closer to break
even but we're still printing by calling
with a hand like Ace n of hearts in
equilibrium on this River let's look at
the node loock solution now and see if
Ace 9 of Hearts is still a profitable
Bluff catch when they bet pop here is
the nolock solution when they come out
and bet pot on this River and as you can
see we are folding 84% of the time we're
just almost never calling getting to
this River and Ace n of Hearts is
actually losing $32 when they bet pot I
would put my life savings on it that
live players in general as a pool when
they bet pot on the river they are under
bluffing the larger the size you're
betting the more Bluffs you need to have
and I would argue that it's actually the
opposite for Live players when they
choose the smaller size they just have
too many Bluffs and when they choose the
bigger size they actually have less
Bluffs as a proportion of their range
even though they're actually supposed to
have more if someone is under bluffing
every Bluff catcher is more profitable
as a fold than as a call all right
finally and what do we do on this River
when they check to us when we have Ace
nine of Hearts we see here here's our
strategy in equilibrium a nine of Hearts
is just a very profitable 2/3 pop siiz
bet here on this River when we bet 163
we're winning the most money we're
winning about $215 by betting on this
River once our opponent checks over to
us and here is the nod loock strategy
Ace n of Hearts now winning
$236 when we bet 2/3 pot on this River
and I would argue because we haven't
even lock this yet I would argue that
it's going to be more profitable so
let's see what they're supposed to do
here when we bet 2/3 pot on this River
and let's go through set strategy and
lock node let's look at their range here
when we bet 2/3 pot so let's see what
are they doing with top pair top pair is
not going to be raising on this River
these guys are just checking to check
call I would argue they're calling it
100% frequency let's look what they're
doing with second pair here and second
pair calling it 100% that seems good now
they have some of these Bluff raises
like pocket fives here on this River I
would argue this hand just does not get
Bluff raised let's just turn this
frequency all the way down to zero and
they're probably just calling more here
on this River when they get here with
pocket fives all right so just a couple
of tiny tweaks we're going to lock this
save and close back to our post flop
tree Builder we will click go it should
solve very very quickly here and now we
see when they check here on this River
by betting 2/3 pot with Ace n of hearts
we are winning nearly
$259 here on this River the turn goes
check check and they come out and bet
half pot on the river we just
essentially call with our entire range
when the turn goes check check and they
come out and bet pot on the river we
just essentially fold our entire range
and when the turn goes check check and
they come out and check the river well
now we just get to Value bet quite
thinly on this River because we know in
general if they had top pair if they had
an over pair if they had a set they
would just most likely come out and bet
the river so now we just get the value
bet with impunity so no matter what
happens we have a very easy easy easy
profitable decision hey guys I'm Maron
I've won over seven figures playing
poker wow wow and I make these videos to
help you guys win more so you can climb
past low stakes and hopefully one day
join us at Hungry Horse where we can
help you crush mid to high stakes and
Beyond so if you're enjoying the video
if you're getting value out of this all
I ask please hit that subscribe button
thank you guys have a gentle day all
right now I want to talk about a few
mistakes people make in these nodes I
was making these mistakes myself myself
and once I patched these mistakes in my
game I started making a lot more money
mistake number one checking back the
Flop with Showdown value a simplified
strategy executed well is almost always
going to outperform a more complex
strategy if we have some bets and some
checks on this flop in general we're
just going to have a more complex
strategy so let me talk about why that
is not great because on this flop our
very strong hands when we're this deep
on a wet Dynamic board in a 3B pot all
of our good hands want to bet if we have
an overpair if we have Jack X if we have
a set all of our value hands at 200 plus
big blind steep are going to want to bet
when we are in position if we have air
or we have a draw all of those hands are
also going to want to bet when we are
this deep and we are in position so our
value wants to bet our air wants to bet
so it's probably just better here to
simplify and BET our thin value and
Showdown value as well and just have a
very simple strategy of betting our
entire range why is C betting our entire
range so good against Live players they
call too much with their weak stuff and
raise too much with their strong stuff
which just allows us to play very very
profitably against them because they
essentially play face up against range
bets playing against range bets is very
very hard don't overthink it don't over
complicate your strategy just range bet
all of your hands in a three bet pot
heads up in position in this spot the
second mistake people make in the spot
is continuing to bet on the turn when
they have a showdown value hand so when
they have a hand like Ace 9 of Hearts
here just continuing to Monkey bet and
Barrel on this turn listen I'm a big fan
of playing very very aggressively but
one of the mistakes we saw saw with our
horses when we first started having them
implement the Hungry Horse strategy is
they would just barrel and Barrel and
Barrel without any regard for what their
hand strength actually is so one of the
things I'd advise on this turn is take a
step back and actually classify your
hand strength and if you do have a hand
that classifies as Showdown value on
this turn checking back is going to be
so much more profitable than continuing
to Barrel so if we have a hand like 89
on this turn what happens if we continue
to Barrel well we get called by a ton of
hands that are just beating us right we
get called by all the jack X we get
called by pocket 10 we get called by
over pairs we get called by the better
9x and of course we're still getting
value against the draws but we're just
getting value owned so often but let's
think about what happens if we check
back this turn with our Showdown value
well now on the river with hands that
beat us they generally just come out and
choose a big size so we lose zero more
money to those hands and with their
draws on the river what happens is they
come out and bet the medium size or the
small size so we end up winning two
streets versus all of their draws and
all of their Bluffs and we end up only
losing one Street against their top pair
or their over pairs or their traps on
the Flop by checking back this turn
mistake number three checking back the
turn with hands that don't have shown
value so if we do get to this turn with
a hand like Queen 10 of clubs or
something like that Queen High we want
to continue barreling all the time why
is barreling when deep in position
against Live players so profitable well
precisely because when we range bet the
Flop they tend to call with too much
weak stuff and raise too much strong
stuff so once we have bet small on the
Flop they're just getting to the turn
with a range that is too weak and too
capped and just isn't going to hang on
for three streets so all of our air all
of our Bluffs all of that stuff wants to
continue betting on the turn to make
them play for all of the money when they
have a hand like pocket 10s or 9x even a
hand like Jack 10 suited or queen Jack
suited that's going to call the turn and
then fold the river when we put in all
the money mistake number four very
quickly would be just calling the river
whenever they B pot when they choose a
size on the river remember they are
massively under bluffing and every Bluff
catcher is more profitable as a fold
than as a call if they are under
bluffing and finally mistake number five
would be folding whenever they bet half
pot or 60% or 40% pot on this River
anything under 2/3 pot if we get to this
River we should be calling remember
because we shouldn't be getting to this
River with any hands that don't have
Showdown value all of our air on the
turn all of our draws on the turn should
just be continuing to barrel all the
time so when we get to this River in
this node we should probably just be
calling nearly 100% when they bet half
pot because we're only getting here with
hands with Showdown value and when they
are over bluffing every single Bluff
catcher is more profitable as a call
than as a fold all right guys I hope you
enjoyed this video on maybe the most
profitable line in all of live poker I
hope this levels up your win rate and
turned you into the biggest boy possible
thank you guys and have a gentle day