Intro
if you're not massively overfolded in
these spots you're probably lighting
money on fire I'm going to show you the
top five most under Bluff lines in all
of live poker using the solver to
illustrate why these lines are so so
under bluffed for context my name is
Maron I played poker fulltime for over 5
years I started at $1 $2 worked my way
up and played as big as 200 400 and
netted over seven figures along the way
all right let's jump in in no particular
order I just said the top five because
the YouTube algorithm likes list of five
things so the top five most under Bluff
spots in all of live poker number five
the turn or river check rise let's look
The Turn
at a hand that babyfaced me played on
Hustler Casino Live we're playing 102040
the $40 straddle is on in the hijack I'm
going to open up pocket aces the second
best hand in poker to $150 hairs here we
are going to get called by the button
and now the villain in the hand Mr Ben
is going to call in the big blind here
and note this has to be pretty pretty
tight when he calls out of the big blind
because he's not closing the action
there's still going to be multiple
players behind him remember the hijack
straddled so he's going to be in pretty
poor position um and he does make the
call here going to go all the way around
back to the hijack Mr Ronnie the
originator of look at that sweet baby
there he is going to come along as well
and we are going to go 1 2 3 four five
ways here all I flop Queen 43 here it is
going to check over to me in the cut off
I am going to CET here with only one
player behind me left to act I go 300
relatively small multi way here and now
Ben is going to call second to act with
still two players left to act behind him
so this is just going to be a very very
tight range we're going to a turn which
is a seven of hearts and now when he
checks over to me I think I make a
mistake here I think I should just be
going relatively big when he calls next
to act he's going to be very very tight
he's going to have a lot of King Queen
Ace queen queen Jack hands like that of
course he could have sets he could have
some Straits but most of his range is
going to be a lot of Queen X I don't
think Queen X is folding on this turn
and he's going to let us know if he has
a better hand so I should probably just
be going like 1,500 1,600 here on this
turn just piling in money against a very
strong range most of which I am ahead of
but I play this pretty poorly I go 600
here into 1380 and now Ben is going to
think it over and you see here he's
counting out chips for the check raise
here and he is going to put in the check
raise and watch how long I am in the
tank after he check raises here look at
that fold in about 3 seconds so I want
to show you why I was able to come to
that fold so quickly on the turn so here
The Range
is my range getting to the turn going to
be some Queen X some over pairs some gut
shots some straights some sets stuff
like that going to be relatively tight
and equity-driven when I bet on the Flop
and here is going to be Ben's range for
calling the Flop going to be quite a bit
of that Queen X you notice I gave him
less Ace Queen because I think these
hands just three bet pre sometimes the
king queen suited three bets pre
sometimes he does have some of the
straights of course I think some of
these may be fold pre- flop some of
these may be raise on the Flop some of
these maybe at a small frequency three
bet pre flop and then he does have some
of the sets here of course some of the
sets are going to raise off on the Flop
and then he's got some of these wheel
draws here that call on the Flop as well
so here is Ben's optimal response on the
turn once we bet 600 you see he's
supposed to play these Queen X of Hearts
hands super super aggressively this
queen 10 of Hearts Queen nine of Hearts
king queen of hearts these hands are
just raised at a pretty high frequency
you see also he is supposed to be
raising these pocket fives pocket sixes
turning these hands into a bluff at a
high frequency along with the 54 suited
so the pair plus straight draw hands get
played Super aggressively the Paar plus
flush draw hands get played Super
aggressively and then he's also so
supposed to take this ace deuce of
hearts and the ace five of hearts and
just raise these hands pure as well and
when Ben raises here is our optimal
response you see Aces is already pretty
close to indifferent Aces is sometimes
folding sometimes calling a lot of the
aces are right around break even for
calling so we're supposed to continue
actually pretty pretty tight to Bend's
check rise here on the turn so what
happens if we just turn down some of
these Bluffs just slight L here on the
turn so we are going to go into set
strategy and lock node and now let's
just select these pocket sixes let's
turn down the bluffing frequency here
we'll still have him Bluff a little bit
with these hands maybe 15% maybe 10%
we'll do the same thing with pocket
fives as well we will turn down this
raising frequency we'll have him call a
little bit more with the pair plus flush
draw here then we're going to take this
five4 suited as well same thing we're
just not going to have him raise off at
this frequency we'll take the ace deuce
of Hearts here so see you can select ace
deuce you can come down here and just
unselect all the other Ace Deuces we'll
have this hand play a little bit more
passively as well and also if you don't
want to select the hands you could just
type in the hands here so we'll just
going to type in Queen of Hearts 10 of
Hearts Queen of Hearts Jack of Hearts
King of Hearts Queen of Hearts so we
have these three hands here and we'll
just turn down the raise frequency once
again and finally let's see the
frequency he's raising his sets here I
would argue these just get raised maybe
a little bit more and the frequency he's
raising the Straits I would argue this
just gets raised a little bit more all
right so we will go ahead and click lock
all we will save and close we will go
back to our post flop tree Builder and
we will just hit go and we will wait for
this to solve all right so just for
context here was our strategy before
when Ben was raising the turn you see
Aces and kings were mostly called here
sometimes folded and now let's go ahead
and look once we just have him reduce
his bluffing frequency just slightly you
see Aces here are just going to be a
pure fold calling with Aces is losing
somewhere around around
$230 and you see here even with pocket
3es even with bottom set here calling
this check raise on the turn is pretty
much a break even proposition and
remember we still have him semi bluffing
we just turned down that frequency ever
so slightly and now you can see how
tight we should be continuing on the
turn and this is why you can just
massively
overfolded turns or Rivers the last time
someone check rais Bluff a turn George
Washington car was President of the
United States all right guys real quick
if you're enjoying the video please hit
that subscribe button I make videos
every week based upon what the YouTube
algorithm tells me what you like and
there is no better way to tell me that
you like this video than hitting
subscribe right now thank you guys have
a gentle day all right the number four
Ace High
most under Bluff spot in all of live
poker Ace High boards let me show you
all right so we are playing 25,000
effective villain is going to open from
under the gun going to fold all the way
around to us in the big blind and from a
tight under the gun open we are probably
just going to be continuing with a hand
like Ace 10 suited here this hand
probably not quite good enough to three
bet in under the gun open so we are
going to call flop comes Ace 9 Deuce we
check it over he goes half pot again
raising doesn't really accomplish
anything here folding way too weak we
have top pair we are going to continue
as a call we are going to the turn which
brings in the queen of diamonds so now
we've got the back door nut flush draw
to go with top pair we check it over so
he goes $74 so again he is repping just
a very very strong range don't really
need to turn our hand into a bluff we
have top pair again our hand is just too
good to fold especially with the back
door not flesh draw so we are going to
call here on this turn we go to a river
which is a completely innocuous six of
Hearts here we check it over and now
villain goes 172 into 230 so what should
we do on this River all right so here is
our equilibrium strategy when villain
triple barrels and you see Ace 10 is
pretty much just almost pure folded here
interestingly we do have quite a bit of
Ace King off just calling 200 big blinds
deep and Ace King off has even folded
remember this is equilibrium we haven't
no locked anything yet this is just an
equilibrium under the gun open triple
barrel on an ace high board versus a big
blind defend at 200 big blinds and we're
not really pure calling till we get to
two pair plus here on this River so now
let's look at the range that our
opponent is supposed to bet on this
River and where are his Bluffs coming
from the Jack tan that see bets the Flop
that picks up a straight draw on the
turn the king 10 that see bets the Flop
that picks up a gutter on the turn some
of these Bluffs are pretty intuitive but
what about these hands like King 8 King
7 King 6 do we think villains are
finding these Bluffs on the turn what
about these hands like pocket fours
pocket 3es do we think villains are
finding these triple barrel Bluffs with
small pocket Pairs and also Ace King is
just pure checking back on this River do
we think that's realistic so what
happens if we eliminate some of these
unnatural Bluffs and just have villain
bet a little more thinly on this River
with hands like Ace King we will set
strategy and nolock we will take these
small pocket pairs we will just have
these hands give up on the river we will
take some of these King X hands I don't
think these hands C bet the Flop Barrel
the turn and triple barrel the river so
we're going to have these hands just not
take this line nearly as often here and
then we have all these zero Equity
Bluffs with the 87 7665 do we think
these hands triple barrel at 100%
frequency I would say probably not so
let's have these hands play aggressively
but not quite this aggressively and then
let's just take the Ace King and make
sure the Ace King bets the river at a
higher frequency so let's say something
like 640 on this River with the Ace King
so let us go ahead and lock this we will
save and close we will go back to our
post flop tree Builder and we will click
go and wait for this to solve all right
so once again for context here was our
strategy in equilibrium you see we're
mostly folding when we have these hands
like Ace King Ace Jack Ace 10 but
they're sometimes mixed in we are doing
some calling with these smaller Aces
like Ace 8 ace7 Ace 5 stuff like that
but mixing and folding mostly with most
of our acex hands once we nod loock here
is our response you see Ace King is just
a pure fold Ace Jack pure fold Ace 10
pure fold any single pair hand is just
pure folded on this River and you see
the worst hand we are calling with here
on this river is a hand like Queen n for
two pair so you can see we're not going
crazy here we're just having villains
not find a few of these unnatural Bluffs
and maybe go a little bit thinner than
they should with top pair top kicker on
this River and all of a sudden we're
pretty much supposed to fold almost
anything besides two pair Plus on this
River Ace High boards really really hard
to find the natural Bluffs you have to
turn a lot of weird hands into a bluff
and you have to plan that from the Flop
to have enough Bluffs by the time you
get to the river so Ace High boards when
they triple barrel this is a spot you
should be massively overfed in live
poker number three
most number three most under Bluff spot
Three Bets
in live poker when the big blind or the
player closing the action three bets all
right so once again we are playing 25
going to open up pocket jacks on the
button if you know the Flop is going to
come Jack n Deuce with a couple Spades
pocket Jacks is a pretty pretty good
hand to play so we are going to open up
on the button of $20 and the villain is
going to three bet from the big blind
here so when I get three bet and I'm the
one in position usually I'm going to use
a polar four bet strategy where I'm four
betting my very very best hands so the
hands that are just happy piling in the
money and then the very very bottom of
my continue range I think pocket jacks
just function better as a call here so
that's what we are going to do and now
the board is going to come Ace Queen
dece dealer what what happened that's
not what we wanted and the villain is
going to see bet for onethird pot here
all right so let's pull up handy dandy
pile solver and this is villain's
optimal 200 big blind three bet range
here do we think villains are finding
the king 7even suited the queen n suited
how often is is this stuff getting three
bet from the big blind versus a button
open this is our response when villain
just range bets on this flop you see we
actually are supposed to be continuing
relatively wide here because big blind
has such a wide three bet range you see
Jacks here are going to be a pure call
winning $40 on this flop when people
three bet from the big blind they just
don't do it at a high enough frequency
because it is so tempting just to click
that call Button closing the action so
people are not nearly as aggressive with
their three bets from the big blind even
versus is a late position open so let's
take this wide three bet range from the
big blind here this optimal range and
let's make it look something more like
this which I think this is a much more
accurate depiction of what people are
three Bing from the big blind and this
may even be a little bit wide right some
people may just flat hands like Jacks
flat these suited Broadways at a higher
frequency a lot of people just aren't
finding these wheel ax 3 bets from the
big blind here they'll just call closing
the action so I think we were even
pretty generous here with the range we
gave them and remember when they see
back the Flop before this was our
continue range we're doing a lot of
calling a lot of raising and very little
folding and when we lock their big blind
range to be more accurate now here is
our response you see Jacks here are just
a pure fold we are now losing $ 15 plus
dollars by calling on the Flop with
Jacks and you notice here our raising
range is almost nonexistent now so we
went from almost never folding and doing
a lot of raising to folding over half
the time and doing almost no raising by
just locking their big blind range and
making it a more accurate depiction of
what people actually three bet closing
the action the number two most under
Bluff spot in all of live poker when
villains check back the Flop and then
raise the turn let me show you all right
so once again playing two5 villain going
to open under the gun we're going to
defend in the big blind with king queen
flop comes King s Deuce very dry very
static we're going to check it over they
check back now the turn is the jack of
diamonds we're going to go for some
value here we go half pot and now
villain is going to raise 3x here on
this turn after checking back the Flop
all right so let's pull up handy dandy
pile so and this is our optimal response
once villain raises here on this turn
you see king queen off is just printing
by continuing here we're winning
somewhere around $40 we're only folding
29% here when we get raised here on this
turn just doing a lot of calling we are
not folding top pair you see King 10 is
just continued king queen is continued
but now let's go ahead and look at the
hands villain is supposed to raise after
checking back the Flop are they raising
hands like king9 suited and king8 suited
here are they raising hands like Jack X
here look Jack 10 suited Jack n suited
these hands are supposed to be raised
what if we go through here on this turn
and once again just nod loock and have
them not find some of these very
uncomfortable unnatural Bluffs here on
the turn all right so we are going to go
to set strategy and nolock and let's
just look at what they're doing with
their second pair here their Jack X I
would argue that they are not turning
Jack X into a bluff here on the turn
after checking back the Flop so we'll
turn the raise frequency to that down to
zero now let's look at some of their
four out straight draws here and what
are these hands doing on the turn
they're playing very very aggressively I
would argue that these hands again the
type of player who's going to check back
on the Flop with no equity is not going
to just start saying oh my god I've got
four outs I must Pile in the money now
no it's just it's not happening so let's
turn the bluffing frequency down just
quite a bit here we also have them call
just a little bit more as well turn this
raise frequency down turn the call
frequency up and then one more top pair
here I don't think top pair is going to
play this aggressively on the turn after
checking back the Flop we'll turn down
the raise frequency of top pair as well
all right there we go that's all we did
we are going to lock we are going to
save and close back to our post flop
tree Builder we are going to click go
and we will let this handy dandy little
boy solve all right so remember this was
our continue range before we were just
never folding hands like king queen here
just a pure pure continue King 10 as
well we're just never folding top pair
here when we get raised on the turn in
equilibrium play and you see here here
is the nod loock solution before we were
folding 29% here on the turn to the
raise now we are folding 60% so double
the amount of folding you look at king
queen off here now and king queen off is
now losing over $20 by continuing as a
call here only King 10 of diamonds is a
profitable call here when villains check
back the Flop and then find a raise on
the turn this spot is going to be
massively under bluffed and finally the
Triple Barrel
number one most under Bluff spot in all
of live poker triple Broadway boards let
me show you all right so villain is
going to open from under the gun we're
going to defend in the big blind with
pocket tens again just going to have a
pretty pretty tight three bet range from
the big blind closing the action when
under the gun opens probably want to go
relatively polar here in equilibrium
play but this hand falls somewhere in
the middle so we are going to call flop
comes king queen 10 three Broadway board
we check it over villain's going to go
half pot just not going to have many
raises here against good players and for
the sake of this example working you
want me to call with t here trust me so
we are going to call go to the turn
which is a blank we check it over
villain double barrels we call again now
the river another blank the Deuce of
Clubs we check it over and villain
triple barrels for 3/4 pot here so here
is our strategy on this River versus an
under the gun open range TS on this
river is pretty much Break Even versus
their triple barrel range in equilibrium
on this board what hands are they
supposed to triple barrel here's their
strategy and you see the supposed to
find these triple barrels with the ace
five of Hearts Ace five of clubs ace
four of Spades these type of hands that
just essentially have really nothing
going on for them except a naked gutshot
on the Flop and look at this on this
River they're supposed to check back at
a high frequency with hands like kings
queens and tens so let's adjust this
let's make it more realistic let's make
it what actually happens or closer to it
in live poker so we're going to go into
set strategy and Nod loock here let's
have the Kings the queens and the 10
just bet at a very high frequency we'll
have them check a little bit but I think
we can all agree these hands are just
mostly betting now let's just not have
them find some of these weird unnatural
Bluffs with these A9 A7 ace5 type hands
so these hands will either check back
the Flop check back the turn or just
give up the river at some frequency
finally let's not have them find this
triple barrel Bluff with pocket Jacks
here I don't think people turn jack into
a triple barrel Bluff here 55% of the
time so let's turn this down to maybe
20% Which is still giving them the
benefit of the doubt finally let's have
this top pair hand king queen suited
just bet this River at a much higher
frequency all right so we are going to
go ahead we are going to click lock we
are going to save and close back to our
post flop tree Builder and we are going
to click go and we will let this Sol all
right so remember here is our strategy
in equilibrium pocket T was indifferent
but mostly calling king queen was
indifferent but mostly calling we're
doing a lot of folding on this River
folding 43% of the time but we still
have quite a few calls and now look at
that sweet baby there here's our nolock
strategy we are folding 76% of the time
on the river and if you want to know
what we're calling with or continuing
with on the river it is straights and
only Straits look at this Jack n suited
Ace Jack those are the only hands we're
calling with pocket 10 here on this
river is losing $75 by calling and I
don't think we did anything extreme on
this River it's just really really hard
from an early position player to find
enough Bluffs on a triple Broadway board
people are just massively under bluffing
these spots all right guys hopefully you
Outro
enjoyed this video on the top five most
under Bluff lines in live poker and it
skyrockets your opponent and turns you
into the biggest boy of all thank you
guys and have a gentle day