I'm going to show you five of the worst
spots to Bluff in all of live poker then
I'll show one adjustment I might make in
each hand to shift it from a horrible
spot to Bluff to a pretty pretty good
one for context my name is Maron I
played poker full-time for over 5 years
I started at $1 $2 worked my way up and
played as biggest 200 400 and netted
over seven figures along the way all
right without further Ado five of the
worst spots to Bluff in all of live
poker number one when the board is
static and dry so what is static and dry
meaning so wet versus dry I think is a
concept most people are familiar with so
we'll start with that wet versus dry
simply means are there a bunch of draws
available on the board if yes the board
is wet if no the board is dry static
versus Dynamic simply means how many
turn cards are going to change the nuts
if more than half the turn cards are
going to change the nuts the board is
going to be more Dynamic if less than
half of the turn cards are going to
change the nuts the board is going to be
more static so let's talk about the
static dry boards all right so let's
jump into the first example here all
these caner 25 and 1K effective unless
otherwise noted so we're going to open
10 n of spades on the button villain is
going to call in the big blind A7 duu
rainbow so the most static and dry of
the Flop textures and as you know I'm a
big proponent of range betting in single
race pots heads up and we're going to
talk about why this board may be an
exception in a little bit but first
let's walk through the hand villain is
going to check it over to us and we're
just going to start off with the default
here range bet and I want to choose a
size where they raise off their strong
[ __ ] and call with their weak [ __ ] and
usually that's around one half pot so we
go half pot here they are going to call
the turn is an eight we do pick up
equity and this is a blank and when the
turn doesn't change the nuts usually yes
they're going to be capped well here's
the problem with choosing this big size
on the turn in this spot on a board
that's this static and dry do we think
villains always raise off a hand like
pocket sevens on the Flop no probably
not do they always raise off a hand like
pocket Deuces on the flap no probably
not do they always raise off a hand like
A7 or ace deuce on the flap no probably
not so the problem with going with this
huge size on the turn is on these boards
that are super static and dry is the
villain is actually uncapped they're
just not as incentivized to raise off
their strong hands on this flap when we
see bet small as opposed to a dynamic
wet board when we overb this turn
villains are probably just going to call
again if they have a set or two pair
here so the big size on the turn not
great when the board is static and dry
all right well what if we go smaller on
the turn right we give them a chance to
cap them El we give them a chance to
raise off their ace7 ace deuce pocket
sevens hands like that so we go a little
bit smaller on the turn and now villain
just calls we went smaller on the turn
and does villain always raise off their
sets and two pair in this situation no
it's going to be at a higher frequency
than when we over but they're still
going to have hands like ace7 and ace
deuce and pocket Deuces sometimes and if
we put in a significant overbet here
we're still going to run into two pair
in sets and if we don't overb here
because the pot is so small we're just
going to get snapped off by Ace Jack and
Ace Queen so we're in kind of a
conundrum here so how do we adjust in
this spot how do we make it profitable
to Bluff so starting from the Flop this
is going to be one of my exceptions and
it's going to be one of the only spots
single race pot heads up where I don't
see B and the reason I'm not going to
see B is for the reasons you just saw
we're just not going to have as many
profitable barreling opportunities
across turns and rivers particularly
with low Equity draws and air by
checking back here on this flop a large
percentage of the time what's going to
happen is villains are going to show us
what they have on the turn if villain
has a hand like a strong Ace or a set or
two pair they're usually going to come
out and bet for a big size here even if
they check this turn one more time to
trap with a set or top two pair since
the Flop went check check now they're
terrified that the pot is small and if
they don't check raise now they're not
going to be able to get value so if they
just check call this turn now we can be
a lot more confident that they are
capped getting to the River than if we
triple barrel the two biggest things
that drive people's decision in poker
are fear and greed so when we check back
the Flop here villains are much more
likely to either bomb the turn or check
raise the turn when they have a big hand
just because the pot is so small and
they want to start piling in money so
now villain checks to us on the turn and
my general Mo in these spots after
checking back the Flop is to use a
pretty big size because what is villains
range when they check the turn here well
it's going to be some air right just
some give ups that are going to fold if
we breathe on the pot but it's also just
going to be a lot of Showdown value
pocket fives pocket sixes 7x and I think
a lot of The Showdown value after the
Flop ghost check check is going to call
one bet no matter what so we want to put
in a pretty big bet here to Target The
Showdown value and now we can blow them
off all of that on the river provided
they just check call on the turn now we
know the best hand they have getting to
the river is probably going to be a hand
like single pair ax and I feel pretty
good knowing that their best hand is
going to be one pair getting to the
river we can just use a massive size on
the river to get all the single pair
hands to fold after we take this flop
checkback line so I'm going to go big on
the turn and then provided they do call
the turn I'm going to go massive on the
river knowing that we have capped them
in this line all right guys real quick
if you're enjoying the video we've got a
new editor named Marco he's a poker
player first not an editor and he's
telling me it's a little bit strenuous
but here's what he told me if you
subscribe to the channel pull out your
phone show him you're subscribed he will
kiss you he'll give you a big smooch on
the lips do it for Marco our new editor
Please Subscribe thank you guys number
two bad spot to Bluff when we are out of
position all right so this hand we are
in the cut off we're going to open the
king queen of hearts and the button the
villain is going to call again thousand
effective here and we go to a flop Jack
n Deuce look at that sweet baby there my
favorite flop in all of Poker we start
off with seab betting do you think
people in position even a wet Dynamic
boards are going to slow play more when
they're in position or they're going to
slow play more when they're out of
position when they're in position
they're not scared of the Turner River
going check check because they get to
put in the Last Action if we were the
button and they were the big big blind
and we see B half pot they're going to
raise off pocket NES or Jack n suited or
pocket Deuces almost all the time but
when they're in position here I'd say
the frequency of them raising off their
good hands even if we bet small goes way
down we just don't cap them all the time
that's okay so we'll start off with a c
bet they call now we go to the turn so
we need to bet small again because
they're in position so we need to cap
them so we're going to bet small here on
the turn the villain is going to call
the problem here though is by going
small twice the pot on the river is just
so small even if we go 2.5x pot here
people are going to be much less scared
of a $400 bed or a $450 bet on this
River with a hand like Ace Jack or King
Jack then they would be of an Allin Jam
let me show you my adjustment when we
are in this spot from out of position
I'm just going to check my entire range
why villains generally make three
mistakes when you check your entire
range to them in life poker number one
they over stab number two they Telegraph
their hand strength with their in and
number three when they check back the
Flop they just don't protect their check
back range with almost any strong hands
fear and greed they don't want a bad
card to come if they have a very strong
hand and they're greedy they just want
to put in money right now so when they
check back the Flop they are absolutely
capped and this just gives us a massive
green light to be able to Bluff across
turns and rivers because of those three
reasons I like to do a lot of checking
on the Flop when we are out of position
so I start off here with a check villain
checks it back and to me this just says
oh okay I now get to win this hand a
large majority of the time so we go to a
turn which is a blank and on blank turns
I'm generally going to follow up with a
lot of checking again what do their
range when they check back the Flop well
they're going to have some air and some
Showdown value and what are they going
to do with that range if we check again
if they have a hand like Ace 9 or pocket
10 or pocket eights once we check twice
it looks like we have a hand like Ace
King so they're going to start putting
in a bet here for value and protection
with all of their Showdown value if we
check and now the air portion of their
range you may be wondering well why is
the air going to bet if we check here
well a lot of people don't want to start
a three Street Bluff with no equity with
a hand like seven six of diamonds but if
we check the turn okay what does our
hand look like Ace King ace high
something like that now they may start
bluffing because we've shown weakness I
would say here a lot of their air is
going to bet a lot of their Showdown
Valu is going to bet so we're going to
check on the turn they are going to stab
we are going to check Ray absolutely
huge here if they call we are just going
to follow it up on the river with a
massive knowing that they just don't
have any strong hands here right pocket
NES pocket Deuces Jack n suited are just
always going to bet on the Flop can we
run into a hand like pocket fours
occasionally sure but most of the time
the range is going to be showed on value
or air now if you're playing against a
passive villain one deviation I may make
on this turn is just doing a lot of over
betting ourselves checking range out of
position allows our Bluffs to play so so
profitably cuz we get so much
information based upon either their bet
sizing or if they check back and when
when they check back since villains are
not protecting their check back range
with almost any strong hands we just
have cart blanch to take away the pot on
either the turn or the river number
three the third bad spot to Bluff in
live poker when the spr is low so we
always need to be aware of spr let me
show you all right so in this hand we
are going to open 7even six of diamonds
on the button villain is going to call
in the big blind starting off only 600
effective villain checks to us on the
Flop I'm going to be range betting so I
go half pot they call on this turn turn
usually the question I'm going to ask is
are they capped and yes I think they are
capped on this turn because they would
raise off two pair in sets at a high
frequency on a wet Dynamic board so
usually when they are capped the size I
want to choose on the turn is Big so far
so good right so we're going to go big
on the turn to Target their Jack X their
flush draws their straight draws are
going to be in elastic they are going to
call we go to the river river is a blank
and now let's put all the pressure on
they're never going to have two pairing
sets let's put all the money in let's go
all in and oh [ __ ] they snap call us
well what did we do wrong here well we
only left a pot siiz bet behind on the
river so if villain gets here with a
hand like Ace Jack or King Jack they're
probably just never folding for pot when
all the draws Breck so what adjustments
can we make here adjustment number one
we can make going back to the turn is
just choose a slightly smaller size so
if we go 100 on this turn it's still an
overbet instead of 150 and villain calls
well look now the pot is 282 going to
the river and we have 460 behind this is
going to to put a lot more pressure on
hands like Ace Jack King Jack Queen Jack
in this spot 460 into 280 is a much
tougher bet to call I think we're going
to start to get folds from some Jack X
here the other adjustment we can make
say we did choose the big size on the
turn and we get to the river with just a
potsize bet back left behind and say
we've got a little bit of a stickier
villain here right that's why we went a
little bit bigger on the turn the other
adjustment we can make on this river is
just bluffing very very small and you
may say why would you bet small on this
River Jack X is never folding true but
let's think about all the draws that get
here with to this River they could have
a ton of ace high Spade draws King High
Spade draws Queen 10 or king queen 108
and all of these hands we're losing to
and all of these hands are going to fold
if we just breathe on this pot so we
could just bet quarter pot here on this
River to get all the draws to fold and
lose the minimum against Jack X plan
what you're going to do on the river
plan it ahead of time either go for that
big scary River overb and choose a
smaller size on the turn leaving that
overb behind or know that on the river
you're not going for the big scary bet
so go huge on the turn targeting all of
your draws that are just never folding
and now on the river know that with only
a pot siiz bet back Left Behind you're
just not getting top pair to fold so
choose the small size on the river to
get all their draws to fold number four
the fourth bad spot to Bluff in live
poker when the River card changes the
nuts so let me show you this one we are
going to open 76 of diamonds again
except now we are a thousand effective
got a little bit more stack depth to
maneuver half pot on the Flop choose the
size where they raise or strong [ __ ]
call it their weak [ __ ] there there we
go they call turn is a blank are they
capped yes because they'd raise off
their two pair in sets at a high
frequency on the flap best hand they
have getting to this turn would be a
hand like Ace Jack most of the time when
they are capped bet big when they are
uncapped bet small we go to the river
and now they check so getting to the
river they just don't have a lot of
great hands right they don't have two
pair they don't have sets and let's bet
huge to make Ace Jack fold right wrong
because the nuts changed on this River
they're going to have a lot of flushes
here right if we bet A10 here sure we're
going to get all the Jack X to fold
that's great but what happens when we go
2x poot here on this River we just get
snapped off by all the Spades aceex of
Spades King X of Spades Queen X spad so
the mistake is on this River do we
really need to go $810 to get Ace Jack
to fold when the front door flush draw
comes in no probably not so here's the
adjustment I would make when this river
is a flushing card we can just go
smaller choose the size to get Ace Jack
to fold here what size would I have to
bet with pocket 9es here to get Ace Jack
to call maybe 200 Maybe 250 Max right we
have to go relatively small with a set
here to get called by Ace Jack cuz Ace
Jack's going to do a lot of folding on
this River well let's use that against
them let's use that against them and get
Ace Jack to fold here and lose the
minimum when they have a flush so we
think Ace Jack's probably folding for
300 350 let's just choose that size and
now when they have a flush we don't lose
810 we lose 350 the adjustment on these
nut changing Rivers is knowing you don't
need to pull out the big bazooka to get
the single pair hands to fold all right
finally number five bad spot to Bluff in
live poker when our opponent employs the
BET BET checkline let me show you so in
this hand let's say our opponent opens
from the cut off and normally I'm just
playing mostly three better fold in this
spot unless the villain is a very very
strong Pro we've got a beluga whale in
the big blind who we are super super
deep with and we would like to keep that
guy in the pot and this guy in the cut
off is maybe just like a try and wreck
who's not making nearly as many mistakes
we'd love to keep this Beluga in so
let's say we do call here on the button
so we go heads up to a flop our opponent
is going to cette we got two overs gut
shot to the nuts back door flush draw
we're going to call and now a spade
comes in on the turn now our opponent
goes small well now we've got even more
outs right we've got the King High flesh
draw we've still got two overs we've got
a gutter we've got Equity right so we
are going to call here on the turn now
we get to the river and our opponent
checks well we got here with King High
we got a bluff right they are checking
this River because they have a hand like
Jack X or they have a hand like an over
pair that is planning on check calling
the River almost all the time so what is
the mistake here in this hand and what
should the adjustment be let me show you
so here's the adjustment I would make in
this hand and it would start off on the
turn remember the two primary
motivations that drive our opponent's
decisions in life poker are usually
going to be fear and greed so if they
get to this turn with a flush usually
greed is going to override that decision
they're usually going to choose a bigger
size now this doesn't apply against very
very strong Pros but if you're playing
25 live poker you're probably not
playing against a very strong Pro so
when they choose a small size on the
turn they just don't have a lot of
flushes this is just going to be strong
Jack X maybe sometimes two pair maybe
over pairs hands like that it's just not
going to be a lot of flushes I like to
tell recreational players twice you do
not have the best hand excuse me sir you
don't have the best hand you need to
tell them twice let's say we raise here
we put in a big boy raise on the turn
targeting their over pairs targeting
their two pair and now we get to the
river they check and we just put in all
the money knowing that they're most
likely not going to have fleshes when
they choose that small size on the turn
well now in this example we are going
get some big folds we're going to get
hands like Aces with a spade to fold
we're going to get hands like Ace Jack
or Jack n to fold because we have taken
an extremely strong line and we have
told them twice in no uncertain terms
excuse me sir your overpair is no good
excuse me sir your two pair is no good
so if you're going to go for that bluff
you need to be putting in an aggressive
action before the river if you're the
pre- flap caller all right guys
hopefully enjoyed this video on five bad
spots to Bluff in live poker and one
adjustment I would make in each spot to
turn it from a bad spot to Bluff to a
pretty good one hope this helps level up
your win rate and get you bluffing very
very profitably thank you guys and have
a gentle day