I'm going to show you how to exploit
every player in your live poker game in
under 30 minutes all you got to do pay
attention to showdowns and when you see
a player in your game make one of these
11 mistakes you will be Randy Johnson
throwing 101 mph fast ball and they will
be an innocent bird expit number one
when you're playing against a player who
likes to limp Ray pre-f flop we all know
the type the guy who likes to get a
little bit trappy limp in with ases or
Kings someone else raises comes back
around to them and they lay down the
hammer here's how to exploit the pants
off that type of player the first
adjustment I may make against this type
of player when they limp in from up
front I'm just going to be much much
tighter with my ISO raising I'm going to
be doing much more over limping or just
folding behind so we see here they limp
in from the hijack I may just over Lim a
hand like pocket sixes here against this
player type adjustment number two
against this player when we do have a
really good hand here like a suit of
Broadway Queen Jack suited here and we
go for the iso Rays maybe someone calls
and now they go for the limp raay what
do they have Aces Kings maybe queens and
Ace King suited so the way to punish
that it's just to fold a lot do not
reward them for playing this strategy
and finally let's look at the other side
of the coin cuz it's pretty easy to
determine okay when they limp we should
be much tighter and when they limp Rays
we should fold a lot but I think what
actually is most interesting what
happens when they open Rays here I'm
just going to be three betting much
wider and much more aggressively why
because when they open Rays they just
don't have the top of their range those
Aces those kings those Queens those Ace
King pseud type hands are most likely
going for the limp Rays so when they
open especially from up front I just
know they're never going to four bet me
so I'm just going to be three betting
here even with a hand as weak as sixes
shutting out the blinds here and just
getting the pot heads up in position
against a player who I'm going to have a
skill Edge against post flop exploit
number two when you're playing against a
player who sometimes limps and sometimes
opens so say this player doesn't really
go for the limp raises but they
sometimes limp some of their weaker or
medium hands and they just open when
they have really good hands so here are
the exploits to make against this player
when this of player limps I'm just going
to be isoing much wider here so we see
this player limps from the hijack I'm
going to be isoing a hand like 65 suited
here I may even go wider here on the
button hands like 75 suited 86 suited
any pocket pair any offit Broadway cards
just knowing that if this player had a
stronger hand they would be open raising
the other side of the coin against this
type of player who does have a bunch of
limps when they do open we just need to
be much much tighter if I have a suited
connector I'm probably just folding if
I'm somewhere in the field if the blinds
are going to be two rather passive
players who aren't going to be putting
in a lot of three bet squeezes I may
come along and call here with a hand
like 65 suited on the button but if
there is a rag in the blinds or a more
aggressive player in the blinds who's
going to be doing a lot of three betting
I may just pitch a hand like this don't
reward this guy when they open because
they're just opening with such a tight
range I mean it may be like 6% 8% of
hands so just do a ton of folding all
right guys real quick if you're enjoying
the video please hit that subscribe
button every time you subscribe to
Hungry Horse poker there's a person out
there somewhere in the world who sees
that subscribe count go up and they save
a turtle if you would like to save the
turtles subscribe to Hungry Horse poker
right now expit number three when you
are playing against a player who cold
calls three bets well what does that
mean let me show you an example all
right so let's say it folds to us on the
button we're going to open a suited Ace
now the small blind a rag name Rob is
going to three bet us and now the
villain in the hand is going to cold
call the three bet 480 dollar generally
when players cold call three bets
they're not going to have Aces they're
not going to have Kings they're just not
going to have that very top of range
what do players mostly have when they
cold call three bets sevens eights nines
10 Jacks maybe some suited Broadways
some king queen suited hands like that
they're going to have a lot of good
hands but they're just not going to have
the great hands so the adjustment here
as the preflop razor is just to go buck
wild four betting especially if the
three better is going to be three
betting at an appropriate frequency we
can just put a ton of pressure on here
and there's just a ton of money out
there so I would just be forbet quite a
lot here whenever we Face a cold call
the other side of the coin is looking at
the same situation for when this type of
player cold forb bet so what is a cold
forb bet let's say somebody opens here
on the button we are going to put in a
three bet with Kings and now they wake
up and they put in the four bet after it
goes open and three bet in front of them
the adjustment against this type of
player is to LOL fold almost everything
except a Aces and maybe Kings because
remember they're just going to be cold
calling this three bet with hands like
Ace King Queens Jacks 10 nines king
queen suited so what does that mean when
they wake up with a cold forette well
they probably have Aces or Kings exploit
number four and the cool part of this is
I would say 80% of live poker players
you play against are going to fall into
this bucket and that is the type of
player who's going to fast play whenever
they have very strong hands on wet
Dynamic boards but they're still going
to play their draws relatively passively
so let me give you an example we open
pocket nines on the button this player
calls in the big blind they check to us
in general I am going to choose a c bet
size where they raise off their strong
[ __ ] and call with their weak [ __ ] and
usually around half pot is going to get
that done so now they call on this flop
so now let's talk about how to play
blank turns I'm going to be doing a lot
of over betting because if they have a
hand like Jack X or acex of Spades or
King X of Spades well they're just going
to be doing a ton of calling on the turn
so let's just Pile in more money right
now with pocket nines and the reason
here I may want to overbet with a hand
that's complete air like 76 of diamonds
here on a lot of rivers they're just
going to be hard pressed to call a
triple barrel especially if you put all
the money in and then let's say the
river is another blank well with pocket
nines we may want to size down and get
called by King Jack or queen Jack and
with seven six of diamonds we may just
want to put all the money in to get Jack
X to fold so against these type of
players the way you punish them on blank
turns is you just do a lot of over
betting knowing that they don't have top
of range now same situation we open
Button this player calls same flop here
we flop middle set and we are going to
see bet half pot they call the
adjustment against this player type on
nut changing turns specifically when the
flush comes in or an obvious straight
draw comes in we are going to be doing a
lot of small betting when the nuts
change why because when the draws come
in since they mostly play their draws
passively on the Flop now they're just
going to have a lot of flushes or if a
straightening card comes in a lot of
straights so we want to be putting in a
small bet now pocket nines is good
enough here to bet for Value we're still
targeting hands like Ace Jack King Jack
Queen Jack so we want to bet small to
make sure those hands don't fold and now
if they put in a raise they have a flush
that's okay we've still got the stack
depth behind to hopefully boat up on the
river when we call and if we do have a
complete airball here say a hand like
seven six of diamonds again we would
also want to bet small because what
happens when we bet small they're going
to raise off all their flushes and we
just fold but they're going to be
calling with a bunch of weak hands on
this turn like pocket eights with a
spade or queen 10 of Hearts we have a
very profitable Bluff opportunity on the
river when they don't raise this turn
because we've just eliminated most of
the flushes from their range and
remember the best Bluff is a bluff where
they call the Flop Call the turn and
fold the river if we bet big on this
turn they may just fold a hand like Ace
Jack without a spade and that's okay but
think about the range that gets to the
river then if we bet big here with 76 of
diamonds and they call it's probably
just going to be flushes and very strong
hands and that's not a range I feel
comfortable bluffing on the river so the
adjustment against this type of player
on nut changing turn cards is in general
to bet small one more adjustment against
this type of player who's going to fast
play a lot of their good hands but play
their draws passively we open pocket
Jacks here on the button they call we
flop the nuts look at that sweet baby
there look at that sweet baby there they
check we're going to go with the half
pot seabat and now they put in the
raised we got pocket Jacks we got this
board crushed we should just call right
no when they raise on this board what do
they have since they're not playing
their draws aggressively it just mostly
means they have value pocket nines
pocket Deuces Jack n suited so when they
raise here and we have a very good hand
that can cooler that range that is
Raising here we should be putting in a
bet three bet Pile in more money right
now because they have a very strong
range that's just not going to fold
exploit number five when we are playing
against a player who loves to trap with
all of their strong hands all right so
we have pocket NES here once again we
open on the button this player calls in
the big blind Jack n Deuce look at that
we're going to see bet half pot and they
are going to call now we get a blank on
the turn and we said before against the
player type who's going to fast play a
lot of their value we just want to be
betting huge on this turn quite a bit
but against a player who's going to trap
we may want to choose a smaller size
because even players to are trappy if we
give them another chance here to check
raise by choosing a relatively
reasonable size where we're not over
betting they're going to Pile in more
money for us on this turn when they wake
up with a hand like pocket Deuces this
also works even better when we have a
hand like seven six of diamonds here why
now getting to the river we can be much
more confident they don't get there with
two pair of sets which is a range that
we feel pretty good about bluffing when
we have seven six of diamonds in the
other side of the coin we're playing
against the same type of player who
loves to trap their value low play their
value on the Flop we open pocket Jacks
here they call we see bet on this flop
and they check raise how should we play
this spot against a player who's going
to be fast playing all their value it
makes sense to just start piling in
money and go bet three bet here but
against a more trappy player who would
often just flat here with pocket Deuces
or pocket nines or Jack n suited when we
have a hand that can play for Stacks we
probably just want to be calling here
it's just going to be much more likely
that they're just bluffing here or
getting out of line now what do we do
here if we have a draw if we had a hand
like Queen 10 of clubs this may be a
really good spot to put in the BET three
bet just knowing that they don't have a
lot of sets into pair here so against a
player who is going to fast play their
value we'd be putting in the BET three
bet with all of our super strong hands
like sets and we just be calling with
our draws and against a player who's
going to be slow playing we just want to
be calling with all of our sets but now
we can put in the BET three bet whenever
we have a draw here just knowing that
they are unlikely to have a value hand
themselves exploit number six I'm
running out of fingers when we are
playing against a player who is super
aggressive both with their draws and
their value all right so we open pocket
NES here on the button Jack n Deuce what
do you know we are going to see bad half
pot here on the Flop we get a blank turn
and we are going to be over betting
again on this blank turn just like when
we're playing against the guy who fast
plays all their value but plays their
draws passively same reasons here
because this player just doesn't have a
ton of hands that are going to put in
more money for us but they still do have
a bunch of Ace Jack King Jack maybe some
straight draws maybe some worse flush
draws that just aren't folding on this
turn so on the blank turns we are still
going to be putting in that overb when
we have very good hands and when we have
a hand like seven six of diamonds here
because they are capped interestingly
the adjustment against this player type
is when the turn changes the nuts so say
we SE bet here on the Flop half pot with
the a high flush draw we [ __ ] the nuts
here on this turn so if we were playing
against a player who's more passive with
their draws we may want to bet small
here to give them a chance to still hul
with hands like King Jack or queen Jack
and put in a raise themselves when they
make a flush but against a player who's
just not going to have many flushes
because they're playing a lot of their
flush draws aggressively on the Flop
when the turn changes the nuts we are
also going to want to choose a bigger
size here just knowing that this player
is going to be more capped and they're
not going to put in more money for us
and against the same player type let's
say we open pocket jacks on the button
the Flop comes jack9 deed look at that
they check we see B half pot and they
check raise I may want to do quite a bit
of calling since this player is going to
be more aggressive if they're the type
of player who's going to raise a bunch
of their draws and still Barrel those
hands off and they're going to raise a
bunch of their value and still bet
thinly for value now we just don't have
as much of incentive to put in a ton
more money when we have very strong
hands because they're going to put in
the money for us so the adjustment
against this type of player when we do
have these hands that can play for
Stacks like sets or two pair we can just
call quite a bit more the adjustment
here when we have a draw ourselves is
often times to go for that bet three bet
and maximize fold Equity against an
aggressive player whose check raising
range is just going to have too many
Bluffs in it xlit number seven when we
are playing against players who split
their cabet sizes and use larger sizes
when they have very strong hands and
medium or smaller sizes when they just
have their medium strength hands or
their draws and I would say this type of
player is much more common than you
think in the live poker Arena and
especially on wet Dynamic boards I would
say probably 75% of the player pool is
going to have sizing Tails when they see
B so what adjustments do we make against
this specific type of player let's say
we flop bottom set here on jack9 Deuce
we are in the big blind after they open
the button and now They Se bet large
here They Se bet for pot we should just
be putting in a massive check race
knowing that they are probably not going
to fold on this flop when they've just
expressed to us hey excuse me sir I have
a hand that's Ace Jack or better do you
think they're folding that hand no so
let's put in the massive check rise here
whenever we have a hand that can cooler
that range and the adjustment here when
we do have a draw we should not be
putting in nearly as many check raises
just knowing that we do not have fold
Equity here so if we had an ace high
flush draw like Ace three of Spades here
I'd be doing a lot of calling because I
think if I check raise on this flop I'm
just not expecting to get a lot of folds
and the less fold Equity we have the
more equity in our hand we need the only
draws I may be check raising facing a
pot siiz cab bet from a weaker player
here may be the big combo draws what
about when this type of player C bets
Med ium or small so same type of
situation here we have bottom set and
they see bet half pot when we have very
strong hands I would still be putting in
the large check Rays right because if
they have a hand like pocket eights or
pocket sevens they're folding no matter
what size we check raise here but if
they do have some of those draws that
they would put in their small size maybe
those ace high King High flush draws
maybe those open and straight draws they
are calling one time no matter what size
we check Ray so this may sound a little
counterintuitive but even when they see
bet small I would still choose a very
large large check R size when we have
strong hands what about when we have
draws well this is where we can get a
little bit out of line here if they're
going to split their sizes and put most
of their good hands in the big size I'm
going to be check raising pretty much
anything with Equity here any type of
straight draw any type of flush draw I
do think I have quite a bit of fold
Equity so I'm going to be putting in a
lot more check raises on this flop when
I have draws myself exploit number eight
when you are playing against a player
who C bets a lot of their value but
checks back quite a bit at the time when
they have Showdown value or air all
right against this type of player I
would treat their seab bets like a large
cab bet from the player type we were
exploiting before because when this type
of player does have some of their draws
or their medium strength hands or their
air they're going to be checking back so
when they see bet that means they're
just going to have a stronger range so
even if this player were to see bet half
pot here or a smaller size if I knew
that they were checking back hands like
pocket 10 here or ace9 suited now that
just means I'm going to check race huge
here when I have a very strong hand like
pocket Deuces or pocket NES and if I did
have a draw here I'd just be doing a lot
of calling knowing that I don't have
much fold Equity because they're putting
a lot of their lower Equity hands or
medium strength hands in their checkback
range so when they see bet they're just
going to have a lot of strong hands but
what about when they check back the Flop
so same player here we flop bottom set
we checked to them and now they check
back here is my exploit against this
player on turns when the turn is a blank
I want to be doing a ton of checking
both with with my value hands and my
Bluffs because what happens when we
check on a blank turn a lot of their
Showdown value hands they're going to
start putting in a bet now for
protection so if they had hand like ace9
suited or pocket 10 here even pocket
eights if we check twice to them they're
probably going to put in a bet and if
they did check back the Flop with air
say they had six seven of diamonds here
a lot of players don't want to run the
three Street Bluff with no equity with
seven high or something like that but
once we check to them twice now they're
going to be stabbing quite a bit
thinking that they have the green light
they're going to stab their Showdown
value they're going to stab their air
and we can just put in the monster check
Rays both with our Bluffs and with our
value if the turn does change the nuts
say the turn was the four of Spades I'm
just going to be doing a lot more over
betting both with my Bluffs and my value
instead of check raising because I'm not
expecting them to stab nearly as much on
the four of Spades if they have a hand
like Ace 9 suited or pocket 10 or
something like that when the flush comes
in on the turn they're going to check
back quite a bit more than on a blink
turn and if they do have air here like a
hand like seven six of diamonds I'm not
sure these FL in turns get stabbed at an
appropriate frequency as opposed to a
blank turn so my adjustment is on these
nut changing cards I'm just going to be
putting in an overb here quite a lot of
the time both when I have value and when
I have Bluffs expecting them to call
quite a bit on the turn and on the river
we can go huge with our Bluffs just
knowing they probably don't have many
good hands after they check back the
Flop and we can go relatively small with
our value trying to get hero cult exp
plate number nine when we are playing
against a player who likes to donk their
value whenever they get there on the
river all right so let me show you
example here we open up on the button
with Ace three of Spades the villain
calls in the big blind SE bet half pot
here they call again on these flushing
turns the general M Mo here against most
villains is to go small so we go small
on this turn the villain calls again we
get to the river and the villain donk so
remember this is the exploit against the
villain who likes to donk their value on
the river what does this mean they have
it probably means they have a hand like
a flush here so raising 3x or 4X is just
lighting money on fire say you got to
this River with seven six of diamonds
and your opponent flipped over a 10 High
flush would you feel comfortable
bluffing all in to get them to fold that
hand no so when we have a strong hand we
should just be putting in all the money
and this may seem obvious here but if we
get to this River with air the exploit
against this player type is just to fold
do not pay them off do not attempt to
Bluff them they just have too much
strong value when they donk on this
River all right all of that's pretty
obvious but let's look at the other side
of the coin and I think this is the fun
part here so we open Queen T of hearts
on the button this player calls C Small
in the Flop they call now the turn is a
flushing card so we are going to
continue barreling here small give them
a chance to raise off their flushes and
continue with a wider weaker range so we
bet small they call and now we get to
this River and they check to us so what
does that mean when they check to us if
they're going to be donking quite a lot
of their strong hands here on this River
and if they're going to be check raising
some of their strong hands on the turn
well that means when they check this
River they just don't have any strong
hands right the strongest hand they may
get here with would be a hand like Ace
Jack and I feel pretty good about making
a hand like Ace Jack fold when the front
door flush draw comes in so the big
exploit against this player is not when
they donk the river but when they don't
donk the river because if they don't
donk the river they have just
essentially told you hey excuse me sir I
do not have a very strong hand so
whenever we get here with air that just
means we have cart blanch to put in the
big boy overb Bluff to exploit the crap
out of this player conversely here now
what does that mean if we get to the
same spot with the nuts if we get here
with Ace three of Spades well now that
means we probably have to choose a
relatively small size because remember
this player would check raise off some
of their flushes on the turn they would
donk all those flushes that didn't check
raise a turn on the river so that means
if we do get here with a hand like Ace
three of Spades we need to choose a
pretty small size on this River to get
this player to call exploit number 10
let's say we're playing against the
opposite type of player who likes to
donk all their Miss draws on the river
but they go for the check call or check
Rays whenever they have value all right
so against this type of player we have
Queen 10 of Hearts here we're going to
see B the Flop they call we are going to
go small on this flushing turn they call
again and now they are going to donk on
the river so the adjustment against the
type of player who's going to donk quite
a bit of their Mis draws on the river is
just to put in a bunch of Min clicks
whenever we have hands that can't beat
those draws and if we got to the spot
with any type of Showdown value at all
I'm calling right if I can beat King
High here I'm just going to be calling
here a ton on this River and finally
same type of situation here we open up
Queen 10 on the button against a type of
player who likes to donk their MISD
draws on the river we see that the they
call we bet small on the turn they call
and now they check the river so what is
the exploit against this type of player
when they check the river well if
they're bluffing all of their MISD
drawals and now they check the river
that probably means we should give up
right no no and this may be
counterintuitive but just because
they're donking their Miss draws here
doesn't mean they have a range that can
withstand heat on the river we still bet
small on the Flop so they would raise
off their Jack n suited their pocket
nines or pocket Deuces we bet small on
the turn so they would raise off their
fleshes so getting to this River even
though we know now that they don't have
a mraw most of the range is still going
to look like weak Showdown value one
pair hands because they would still
raise off their flushes on the turn so
even against this player that would donk
their MD draws on this River I would
still be putting in a huge overb with my
Bluffs and if we got here with a hand
like ace3 of Spades I would still choose
a relatively small size knowing that
most of the range still looks like one
pair hands on this River exp number 11
when we are against a more passive
player who checks back the river often
times even when they have no Showdown
value we've all seen this type of player
right they get to the river with a draw
and after seab betting the Flop and
double barreling the turn they just
check back the river even when they have
Queen high or seven high or whatever
here is how to exploit them so let's say
they open the button here we call in the
big blind with Ace Jack flop top pair
top kicker pretty good Ace Jack is a
good hand if you know the flops going to
come Jack n Deuce they see bet the Flop
we call turn is a blank they double
barrel we call and the exploit against
this type of player when we have pretty
good hands on the river is just too donk
knowing that this type of player is not
the type of player who's going to put in
that triple barrel with a flush draw or
a brick straight draw here we're not
missing value against their Bluffs so
the good exploit here is just to lead
whenever we have a strong value hand and
finally last exploit against this player
type when we do check to them on the
river and they fire that third Barrel we
should just be folding a whole hell of a
lot do not consider Bluff catching
against this player type because even if
they're bluffing one out of 40 times if
you've seen them check back with seven
high or 108 suited that means they are
massively under bluffing so when they do
fire that triple barrel well they just
have too much value and if we are
against a player who is under bluffing
every Bluff catcher should be folded all
right guys hope you enjoyed the video
and these 11 exploits help you level up
your game and boost your win rate
significantly thank you guys and have a
gentle day