want to know how I choose the perfect
bet size on every river here's what I
believe if you're playing live poker
your River Bluff size and value size
should almost never be the same aren't I
going to be exploitable yes aren't
people going to exploit me no unless
you're playing against lonus love Justin
bonal Steven chidwick or Phil helmuth I
believe having wildly different River
value in Bluff sizes is going to be the
best way to win the most money in live
poker here is my River sizing strategy
in a nutshell when my value wants to go
big my Bluffs want to go small and when
my value wants to go small my Bluffs
want to go big now there's going to be
just a little bit more Nuance than that
and I'm going to explain how I determine
this when we walk through some examples
in just a second but first there's two
questions I ask on every river when I'm
trying to come up with the perfect
sizing the first question I ask what is
my opponent's range think of this like
the children's game Guess Who you don't
start off by asking are you Bernard no
you start off by asking is your person a
man does your person have brown hair is
your person wearing glasses same thing
in poker you don't start off on the flap
by going going oh I put you on nine of
Hearts seven of clubs no you start off
by thinking okay maybe my opponent has
some top pair maybe they have some flush
draws maybe they have some gut shots and
you take that range and you carry it
over to the next street and you continue
to narrow it with each additional action
and going back to Guess Who if they told
you they have brown hair on the flap you
can't all of a sudden put red hair in
their range on the river and by the way
coaching over 90 players over the last 2
and 1/2 years this is one of the biggest
indicators I've seen of which players
are going to be able to make a lot of
money from poker and those who aren't
the second question I would ask on every
river what would I do with the inverse
so what does this mean I found when I'm
playing in the Heat of the Moment I have
a hard time distancing the forest from
the trees so asking this question always
helps me zoom out so let's say we get to
the river with a value hand we've got an
overpair right so I would ask in this
situation what would we do if we were
bluffing well let's say our opponent's
range getting to this River looks like a
lot of very strong top pair and bricked
draws so if I was bluffing here well I
don't think my opponent's going to be
folding strong top pair hands maybe
they're really sticky all the draws
bricked whatever I don't feel
comfortable getting the fold their top
pair but maybe all their draws would
just fold if we breathed on this pot
we've got seven high and that sounds
pretty good so if we were bluffing here
maybe we would just go very small aha so
that means when we have value we should
be going really really big because we
don't feel comfortable going big with a
bluff because we think they're just
never folding top pair so when we have
value big okay let's walk through a
bunch of examples and I'm going to show
you how this all works in real time all
right first example here we are playing
25 a th000 effective we open Ace Queen
of Spades on the button here and the
villain calls flop comes Jack n Deuce
with a couple of Spades villain checks
to us and we're just going to be seab
betting range here heads up in position
I want to choose a size where they call
with their weak [ __ ] and raise off their
strong [ __ ] and usually half pot is
going to be around that threshold so
just like Ace Queen would want to go
half pot here I'd also want to go half
pot here if I had a value hand if I had
pocket nines here I'd probably want to
go small as well to force them to raise
off pocket Deuces or for Jack n and if I
had Complete Air here I'd also want to
go half pot because then when they raise
we can just fold and when they just call
now we have some profitable barreling
opportunities because they're going to
raise awful lot of their strong hands on
this wet Dynamic board let's go to the
turn and look at that sweet baby there
look at that sweet baby there we [ __ ]
the nuts they check to us and the
question I ask on turns to determine my
sizing are they capped and if yes I'm
generally going to go pretty large with
a lot of my range and if no I'm
generally going to go pretty small why
well let's say the turn is an offit four
what's the best hand they can have on
the turn probably a hand like Ace Jack
right because they would raise off
pocket NES Jack n suited pocket Deuces
on the Flop especially when we choose a
small size so if the turn is an off suit
four they are capped I want to go large
on the turn because us going small is
not going to encourage them to put in
any more money and raise us off whereas
if they have a hand like King Jack or
queen Jack or even Ace Jack they're not
folding no matter how much money we put
in so when they're capped we usually
want to choose a big size but on this
turn are they capped no they could have
quite a few fleshes here a lot of their
fleshes with check call on the Flop so I
am going to choose a small size even
though I have the nuts because choosing
a small size encourages them to continue
with their weak [ __ ] say they have a
hand like pocket eights with the eight
of spades and also say they have a 10
High flush here well if we go small here
those hands are going to raise and put
in more money for us anyway so going
small here accomplishes quite a lot here
also accomplishes quite a lot when we
have complete air here a hand like seven
six of diamonds because if we go small
on this turn and they just check call
they're going to have a lot of hands
like pocket eights with a spade or queen
10 of hearts that we feel very
comfortable bluffing on the r River so
both our value and our Bluffs want to go
small on this turn so that's what we do
we go half pot they call and now we get
to the river river is a complete blank
in offit three the first question
remember that I would ask on this River
what is their range ignore our hand
ignore we have Ace Queen of Spades
because we're going to play this River
like we have seven six of diamonds as
well so they have a lot of Jack X a lot
of top pair typ hands Ace Jack King Jack
Queen Jack they have some open in
straight draws Z bricked maybe some 108
Queen 10 stuff like that some underp
pairs with a spade pocket eights pocket
sevens pocket sixes Etc and maybe a few
traps the hands that players will trap
when you bet small in the turn when the
flush comes in is the nut flush a lot of
their other flushes are just going to
raise off when you bet small or they
will just donk the river so we're not
really going to give them their King
High they're 10 high they're eight High
flushes Etc so we will get them some
partials of these ace high flushes here
but usually the best hand they're going
to have getting to this river is a hand
like Ace Jack we know what their range
is now on this River now I would ask
what would I do with the inverse if we
had 7 six of diamonds here what size
would we bet well I think we would bet
pretty big because I think we can just
get folds from almost everything King
Jack Queen Jack Ace Jack I think all of
those hands are folding obviously the 9x
is folding obviously like pocket ace
with a spade are folding now we can't
just go with a ridiculous size with 76
of diamonds cuz occasionally we'll run
into a hand like a seven of Spades that
trap the turn but they're just not going
to have many flushes and I don't think
Jack X is going to want to hang on when
the flush gets there so if we did have a
hand like 7even six of diamond here I
would want to go big maybe 220 is the
size to make Ace Jack fold all the time
so it makes our Bluff very profitable
well if our Bluff wants to go big that
means our value hand when we have Ace
Queen probably wants to go relatively
small but with Ace Queen We want to make
sure our hand like King Jack Queen Jack
those hands call so maybe with Ace Queen
we choose a size maybe around 100 so I
pull up the solver and gave us the
option to bet two different sizes on
this River one for $220 into 160 and one
for 100 when we bet 220 here is their
response you see they're mostly folding
Ace Jack they are sometimes calling the
Jack X is mostly folding and then
obviously whenever they have a flush
they're just putting in all the money
occasionally they'll Bluff when they
have a hand like Ace 10 with the Ace of
Spades not much but small frequency and
this is the response when we bet 220 now
let's say we bet 100 on this River I
lock them to mostly be calling whenever
they have top pair so just calling at a
much higher frequency with Jack X here
and again of course they're just raising
whenever they have the flush and they're
mostly folding when they have second
pair and as we can see here here is what
the solver prefers our strategy to do
Ace Queen the EV of betting 100 is going
to significantly outperform the EV of
over betting and for 76 of diamonds the
EV of over betting is going to
significantly outperform the value of
betting 100 so this would be a situation
where our value wants to go small so our
Bluff wants to go big now I'm going to
show you the opposite where our value
wants to go big so our Bluff wants to go
small all right guys real quick if you
could please just hit that subscribe
button my dog Frankie has been biting
his toes a lot we've had to put a hat on
him and he told me the only way he's
going to stop biting his toes is if we
get more subscribers to the Hungry Horse
YouTube channel save Frankie's toes
Please Subscribe thank you all right so
this one we're going to play a three bet
pot again 25 a th000 effective cut off
opens we're going to three bet on the
button to 70 and we're going to play
this hand like we have pocket kings and
also 65 of diamonds so we three BET our
opponent calls flop comes 94 deuce our
opponent checks and I'm just going to
range bet small and you may be asking
like why do our value in Bluffs want to
play the same on the Flop and the turn
our value hands obviously just want to
build as big a pot as possible from
worse and our Bluff hands want to build
the largest pot possible on the Flop and
the turn where we can still get them to
fold the river so the goals with our
value and our Bluff are often going to
be exactly the same on the Flop and the
turn and those goals only diverge on the
river remember the best Bluff is the
bluff they call the Flop Call the turn
and then fold the river so let's go into
this hand here we see bet for 1/3 on the
Flop our opponent calls we go to the
turn look at that sweet baby there we
[ __ ] the nuts here our opponent's going
to check it over I think this is a
pretty good opportunity to go small here
because you think about what their range
is getting to this turn it's going to be
a lot of hands like pocket sevens pocket
eights pocket 10s Jacks Queens hands
like that and what do our opponents put
us on when we three bet pre- flop C the
Flop and now a king comes on the turn
and they put us on a lot of Ace King or
over Pairs and if they have a hand like
even jacks or tens here if we start
going too big our opponent's going to be
folding so with pocket kings we probably
want to go small same thing with our
Bluffs if we had a hand like 65 at
diamonds here we'd also want to go
relatively small why because if we just
go huge here our opponent's going to
fold Queens 10's Jacks and that's nice
we don't mind our opponent folds that
but then what's that going to mean about
bluffing them on the river the range
that gets to the river is going to look
like sets and Ace King and that's out of
range we feel quite comfortable bluffing
when we have six five of diamonds but if
we go small on this turn maybe they call
with Queens 10 and Jacks and now they
get to the river with a range that's
just going to do a lot of folding if we
put in a chunky bet and remember we
would rather have them call with Queens
on the turn and fold that on the river
when we're bluffing and when we have
value of course we don't want queens to
fold on the turn so again you see here
our value and our Bluffs often have the
same goals on the Flop and the turn so
here on this turn we go small again our
opponent calls now we get an A on the
river and our opponent checks so now the
first question on this River what is our
opponent's range all right so this is
the range I gave them getting to the
river and it's going to look like a lot
of strong stuff and a lot of really weak
stuff so let's start off with the weak
stuff maybe some Queens through pocket
fives the Queens gave them partials
maybe the Queens four bet off sometimes
maybe the Queens check raise a flop
sometimes Jackson 10's going to have a
lot of that when we bet small flop bet
small turn then some of these under
pairs eights through fives of course
these what always call The Flop maybe
sometimes they start doing some folding
on the turn even to a small bet when
when the king come so I gave them some
reduced partials of those and then a
bunch of 9x so maybe some 89 109 Jack n
Queen n and then going a little bit
stronger maybe some King X here maybe
king queen suited would float the Flop
sometimes with a back door straight draw
two overs and a back door flush draw and
then some stronger hands so like some
top pair maybe like some ace5 and ace3
suited maybe these hands with a gut shot
would do a lot of calling to a small B
on the Flop and a small bite on the turn
and they've got the really strong stuff
right like maybe some trapped sets so on
such a dry board in a three bet pot the
sets would just check call twice so
maybe pocket Deuces pocket fours pocket
NES got some partials of that and then
some two pair it's like some ACE do
suited or ace4 suited these hands would
certainly check call twice a lot on the
Flop and turn and then [ __ ] two pair on
the river some king9 suited ace9 suited
and then maybe some Ace King Ace King
would certainly float the Flop so I give
them partials of Ace King maybe at four
bet sometimes so they've got some two
pair some sets some weak top pair and
then a bunch of weak [ __ ] this is their
range getting to the river all right so
the second question I would ask on the
River now that we've come up with a
range what would I do with the inverse
so if we had 65 of diamonds here what
would I do I don't think we're getting
hands like Ace 4 or certainly Ace King
or ace deuce or Ace 9 like they just
have a lot of two pair here so if I had
a bluff here what size would I need to
go to make pocket Queens fold pocket
Jacks pocket eights 109 suited I think a
lot of those hands would fold for a very
small size and I don't think I'd feel
comfortable bluffing big because we just
run into two pair and sets at a pretty
high frequency if we were bluffing here
so if I had 6 five of diamonds I'd go
very very small because I think Queens
Jacks 10 is going to be a huge portion
of the range and that portion of the
range is going to fold if we breathe on
this pot so maybe I just bet 150 and try
to get Queens Jackson T to fold aha so
that means my bluff wants to go small so
my value is going to want to go very big
back to Kings here since my bluff wants
to go small I probably want to go very
very big because is Ace King ever
folding no is a slow played set nines
fours or Deuces ever folding no the
question here is is queens or jacks or
10 or king queen suited ever calling no
matter how small we bet probably not so
we should just Target those very strong
hands when we have pocket kings all
right back to the solver here and I gave
it the option to either Jam all in for
800 or bet very small for 150 on this
River here is their response when we bet
150 and they're just doing a lot of
folding with the king queen the single
pairs down to 10 obviously all the fives
through eights and they're just jamming
a lot when they have the sets or Ace
King and calling whenever they have top
pair and then mixing jamming and calling
when they have two pair here and then
here is the response when we bet 800
Allin on this River have these sets
almost always calling maybe some small
partials of folding maybe they get
terrified every once in a while who
knows and the Ace King obviously always
calling Ace 9 mostly calling sometimes
you get scared of Ace King and the ace 4
and ace deuce mostly calling maybe
sometimes these two pair get scared when
we get a little bit more greedy on this
River so I was very conservative with
with calls when we Jam here and as you
see here still here is our response
pocket kings very strongly prefers just
jamming for 2x pot on this River you see
the EV is going to be almost $20 higher
for jamming than it is for betting small
and 6 five of diamonds look at that
sweet baby there just very strongly
prefers betting very very small here
just wins a ton of Eevee getting a lot
of their weak one pair hands to fold all
right all right so you guys get it at
this point when our value wants to go
large our Bluffs want to go small and
when our value wants to go small our
Bluffs want to go large okay simple
let's introduce a bit more Nuance let's
jump into the next hand once again we
are going to open on the button here
we're going to play a single race pot 25
1K effective our opponent's going to
call in the big blind and we're going to
play this spot now like we have three
different hands like we have pocket 9es
like we have a nutted type hand seven
six of diamonds like we just have an
airball Bluff and like a thin value hand
so let's walk through those three
permutations again both our Bluffs and
our value are going to want to start off
small on the Flop to force them to raise
off their strong [ __ ] and still call
with their weak [ __ ] so we go half pot
here they call turn is a four on this
turn are they capped well yes because
they probably raise off pocket Deuces on
the Flop they'd raise off Jack n suited
on the Flop probably don't have pocket
Jacks so the best hand they get to this
turn with is usually going to be hand
like Ace Jack occasionally they could
have pocket fours that floated the Flop
but for the most part if we bet small on
this turn they're not going to be
putting in a lot more money for us so in
general when they are capped both our
Bluffs and our value have the same goal
we want to be piling in a lot of money
on the turn our value is going to want
them to call on the river our Bluffs
obviously want them to fold on the river
but our best Bluff gets in the most
money possible on the Flop and turn and
then gets them to fold on the river so
overb bet on this turn nearly 2x pot
just targeting those strong flush draws
ace high King High flesh draws and the
ace Jack King Jack Queen Jack Jack 10
type hands so we go very big they call
and look the river is in Ace and now
they check to us so again what's the
first question we ask on the river what
is their range so here's a range I gave
them getting to the river they have a
bunch of flush straws that bricked they
have a bunch of Jack X that now turns in
the second pair and now interestingly
they do have now a bunch of top pair so
now they have a bunch of asex of Spades
that made top pair and now they've got
some two pair as well with the ace Jack
suited and the ace jack off so a lot of
their range is just going to be second
and third pair in Brick draws and then a
lot of their range is just going to be
top pair or two pair so now we've got
this value hand on the river we've got
essentially the nuts here right very
unlikely our opponent has a hand like
pocket aces or pocket jaacks when they
just call pre-f flop the question we
want to ask is what would I do with the
inverse so if I was bluffing what size
would I want to bet here well let's say
we have seven six of diamonds we know
their range we could bet very small and
just get them to fold all of their
bricked flush draws and brick straight
draws that sounds okay we could bet huge
I'm not sure that sounds great because
we're just going to run into Ace Jack
that's never folding in a million years
or the other option is somewhere in
between maybe medium if we bet medium
maybe we could just get all the jackx to
fold maybe those hands feel downgraded
on this River now that they're just
second pair and our asex of Spades type
hands now make top pair which we could
conceivably be value betting on this
River maybe our Bluffs want to go medium
here to get jackx to fold when the bluff
size is going to be somewhere in the
middle the value wants to go either huge
or tiny so let me show you so the pot on
this river is 380 and I gave us four
different bet sizes here I gave us a
huge all-in Jam size I gave us a slight
overb size I gave us kind of a medium
kind of 60% size and I gave us a very
small one3 pot size so what do we want
to do with each part of our range on
this River so this is the range I gave
them if we Jam the river for slightly
bigger than 2x pot Ace Jack is just
calling all the time if they do have
ace9 I only gave them slivers of that
cuz that hand sometimes fold the turn
obviously Ace 9 never folds I hand like
ace four of Spades that hand never folds
in a million years we talked about they
could have pocket fours especially
pocket fours with a spade occasionally I
gave them some slivers of that obviously
that hand never folds and then I had
them mostly folding with their hands
like Ace 10 of Spades Ace eight of
spades Ace seven of Spades so these
hands folding about 70% of the time when
we overb Jam this River and I have the
rest of their jackx King Jack Queen Jack
Jack 10 pretty much just folding
occasionally you'll get a sticky villain
so I have them calling a tiny fraction
of the time but mostly just folding
anything worse than top pair on this
River all right so what if we size a
little bit smaller what if we had 500
instead of 810 on this River only
difference here now I have them calling
with their top pair type hands quite a
bit more so their Ace 10 of spad stuff
like that just calling more and just
have Ace Jack putting in the money here
so not many differences just more
calling with their ax of Spades single
pair of TI pants all right and what if
we go with like 60% pot now I just have
them pure calling whenever they have a
Spades and I still have them mostly
folding when they have Jack X so
sometimes calling sometimes folding with
hands like King Jack Queen Jack Jack 10
because these hands have been downgraded
on the river when an ace comes and
finally the very small size oneir pot
here they're just never folding the acex
of Spades here and so I just have them
calling with the Jack 10 Queen Jack King
Jack quite a bit more if we bet one/
third pot on this River and you see here
here is going to be our strategy let's
start off with our Bluff 7 six of
diamonds wants to choose that middle
size around 60% pot why does 76 of
diamonds want to choose that middle size
because on top of them just autof
folding all of their draws that beat us
we can also just get a bunch of the Jack
X to fold when an ace comes on this
River you see it also doesn't hate the
just going very very small here with
seven six of diamonds and just getting
our opponent to fold all their King High
flush draws or 10 High flush draws or
something like that so that is also an
option but if your opponent is going to
fold some of the king Jack Queen Jack
Jack 10 it just prefers the medium size
with the bluff all right let's look at
pocket NES here and pocket NES prefers
the huge size pocket NES just wants to
jam to Target all of those Ace Jack ace9
ace four and ace deuce of Spades pocket
fours with a spade all of those very
strong combos that just are never
folding to a jam so pocket NES just
wants to Pile in all of the money here
and then what if we had a hand like Ace
three of Spades well this is interesting
because if we get here now a top pair we
would want to be targeting hands like
Jack 10 King Jack Queen Jack and since
our Bluff 76 of diamonds is going medium
to get those hands to fold if we are
going to Target them with a hand like
ace3 of Spades we have to go very very
small so you see the preferred size here
with a hand like ace3 Spades is just
going 1/3 pot so again and this one is a
little bit more nuanced when our Bluff
size is medium our value size is going
to be either huge or tiny all right one
final example for you guys and this one
again is going to be a little bit more
nuanced when our value wants to go
medium now our Bluffs want to go either
huge or tiny all right so we've got
pocket kings on the button again and we
are going to open in a two5 game our
opponent is going to call in the big
blind Jack n dece look at that flop
that's one of the best flops you could
do a jack n Deuce with two Spades
opponent's going to check you probably
know at this point we're going to go
half pot they call turn is an off suit
four they check again you probably know
at this point are they capped yes so
what are we going to do when they're
capped we are generally going to want to
go big so we are going to overb on this
turn just targeting Ace Jack King Jack
Ace High flush draws Queen High flesh
draws Etc they call and now the river is
a three of Hearts so the first question
we ask on the river what is their range
all right getting to this River the
range going to look a lot like the last
hand cuz the only thing we changed here
is the river so it's going to be a lot
of top pair a lot of Jack X Ace Jack
King Jack Queen Jack and going to be a
lot of brick draws here now so what
would I do with the inverse well if I
had seven six of diamonds here what size
would I want to bet well the best hand
our opponent can get here with is
usually a hand like Ace Jack King Jack
do I think I can get that to fold if by
jam and I'm not going to tell you this
is player dependent right some players
are going to fold some players are not
going to fold Jack X at all this is the
question you need to ask though if I had
seven six of diamonds would I go all in
here to get my opponent to fold a hand
like Jack X and I think for most players
most players at 25 are not going to want
to hang on for a 2X pot siiz overb so I
think with a hand like seven six of
diamonds I would probably prefer to
either Jam to get them to fold The Jacka
or very very small and just get our
opponents to fold hands like Queen 10
Ace High flush draws King High flush
draws so what does that mean when we
have pocket kings well we probably want
to go somewhere in between right so what
size can we bet here will we just win
the Max from a hand like Ace Jack or
queen Jack if we have pocket kings here
all right so I gave us a few bet sizing
options on this River one the all-in jam
two betting 500 just kind of a small
over bet and three betting one3 pot so
just kind of a a small tiny boy bet on
this River so first let's look at what
happens what I had them do if we Jam all
in so I had them mostly calling with Ace
Jack and then just folding the king Jack
about half the time folding the queen
Jack and Jack 10 mostly on this River
now if we bet 500 I just had them call
in with the ace Jack a little bit more
now they call say 90% And The King Jack
calls maybe 70% and the queen Jack calls
maybe 60% and now let's look at the
response if we just bet 1/3 here
obviously they never fold a jack they
never fold a nine if they get here with
a nine but they do just fold all their
draws right so if they get here with the
ace high flush draws they King High
flesh draws they're open and straight
draws all those hands just fold if we
bet small and so now let's look at what
our hands want to do with s six of
diamonds here it just prefers the big
size prefers going Allin because I
inputed in this situation that they
would fold quite a bit of King Jack
Queen Jack Jack 10 now if that's not
true for your opponents you can adjust
the point here isn't the calibration the
point is the way of thinking but we see
here with 7 six of diamonds also it kind
of likes a small size as well look at
the small size so when we bet M here and
we just get them to fold all those draws
that becomes a viable option as well the
size it likes the least with 76 of
diamonds is kind of that middling size
the small overb because it doesn't
really accomplish much it just gets
called by the jackx a lot and we can get
a much cheaper size to fold out all the
draws now with pocket kings what's that
going to mean well pocket kings prefers
the middling size cuz when we go the
middling size we just win the max
against all the Jack X so when our value
wants to go medium our Bluffs want to go
either huge or very small all right guys
I just want to emphasize one thing maybe
you think some of my assumptions are off
with what people call and what people
fold on rivers that is not the point of
this video the point is assigning your
opponent a range on the river and then
asking how they respond to certain sizes
and asking what you would do with the
inverse is going to help you come to the
best value size and the best Bluff size
the rest of it is going to be
calibration maybe the players in your
pool call too much maybe the players in
your pool fold too much these guiding
sets of questions are going to help you
to the right answers no matter what
players you are playing against anyways
I hope you guys enjoyed this video and
these two questions help perfect your
River sizing with both your value and
your Bluffs thank you guys and have a
gentle day