let's talk about pre- flop trying to
achieve a top tier win rate in poker
before dialing in pre- flop is like
trying to build a skyscraper with a
foundation made of beans because while
beans are quite versatile they don't
necessarily make the best foundation for
skyscrapers so today let's dial in our
pre- flop game together I'm going to be
sharing a bunch of ranges today and
these aren't ranges that we pulled
somewhere off the internet for 100 big
blind 6 Max online poker no we custom
built these specifically for live poker
it was grueling it was arduous but we
did the work so you guys can reap the
rewards and you don't fall face first on
a pile full of beans first before we
jump in five big picture takeaways
number one be the one making an
aggressive action in high rake live
environments we generally want to play
tight and when we do come in to play a
pot we want to make that pot bigger to
minimize the effect of rake be the one
raising be the one three betting be the
one taking the aggressive action
eliminate most limping and calling from
your pre- flop game number two when fish
or recreational player come in for a
raise we generally want to be playing
three bet or fold we're going to be able
to realize our biggest Edge by getting
pots heads up in position we don't want
to play multi-way we don't want to let a
bunch of people in the pot we just want
to realize our Edge heads up in position
against weaker players the two general
exceptions to this is when we are on the
button or when we are in the big blunt
number three and this is going to be the
corlar to number two when a strong Pro
opens this is when we want to be doing
quite a lot more flatting why in general
the players who are going to make the
most mistakes post flop are going to be
the fish so when a strong Pro opens say
early position and we're middle position
we want to be doing a lot of flatting to
let the fish in the pot because those
are going to be the players who are
going to make the most mistakes post
flop and where our win rate is going to
come from number four throw positional
configuration out the window most solved
pre-f flop ranges you see are based upon
positional configuration for example
when a player opens in the cut off and
we are on the button here are the hands
we three bet button versus cut off the
problem with using these type of ranges
live most recreational players or fish
are not taking positional configuration
into account they don't even know how to
spell configuration for example if
you're playing against a tight fish that
tight fish probably opens the same range
under the gun as he does on the hijack
or the cut off or the button fish in
general have the hands they open and the
hands they three bet so we want to play
against the player type and the ranges
they are playing rather than using
positional configuration number five
these ranges are for 200 big blind poker
for example you're playing2 five at
$1,000 effective or you're playing 510
at 2,000 effective how do you adjust
these ranges if you are playing deeper
or more shallow if you are playing
deeper you generally want to favor hands
that are suited and can make the nuts
and cooler your opponents when deep and
if you are playing shallow you generally
favor hands that can just make very
strong top pair hands so more offit
Broadways come into effect all right I
get it I know what you're thinking show
me the charts okay cool let us jump in
and we are going to start off with our
open range from early positions this
assuming we are first to act here as you
notice we are going to be very very
tight from early position and these
ranges again are for 200 big blind poker
pretty pretty tight here you see it's
going to be be mostly suited cards it's
going to be our strongest Aces ace9
suited plus and then some of our wheel
Aces maybe wondering why like Ace do
suited doesn't open here Ace du suited
and Ace six suited are our two worst
suited Aces the problem with ace deuce
is when it does make a straight it just
always makes the butt end of a straight
and then Ace six is the worst Ace that
cannot make a straight so we want to
open our strongest Aces here all of our
pseud Broadways and you'll notice here
we're opening some suited connectors
like 5 six suited 76 suited 8 s suited
but we are not opening these offit
Broadways like king queen off or Ace
jack off now the adjustment I would make
if most of your game is more shallow say
you're playing 80 big blinds or 100 big
blind poker I would fold all of these
suited connectors here and I would start
opening these off suit Broadways Ace
Jack and king queen but 100 big blinds
deep often times making just top pair of
good kicker is a hand that's good enough
to play for all the money in summary
this is what a pretty solid range from
EP would look like here all right let's
move along the positional Spectrum here
and we'll go to the hijack and as you
see from the hijack here we're opening a
little bit wider we're not going to go
through every position because I think
you guys can kind of fill in the blanks
in between EP and hijack but as you see
here just to get the general pattern
we're
opening about 20% here where we were
opening about 12% from EP you see here
we're getting a little bit wider we're
opening down to pocket fours all of our
ax is opening ax suited King X suited
down to King 7 Queen X down to Queen 8
and jack8 suited and 108 suited here and
then our off suit Broadways we're
opening a few more of those now king
queen Ace Jack King Jack Ace 10 this is
what a nice open range from the hijack
would look like at about 200 big blinds
effective all right let's move to the
button now and as you can see it starts
to get pretty pretty wide these ranges
are taking into account that we are
going to have some moderate post flop
Edge if you are a newer player or you
are still kind of figuring out poker
tighter is probably better we see here a
44% open range on the button going down
to ace4 off here opening a lot of these
double and triple gapper suited hands
all of our Queen X suited all of our
King X suited down to Jack 5 suited now
I want to show you what happens if we
put two very very passive fish in the
blinds right we just don't have them
three bet very much we have them maybe
call a little bit too much and we just
have them play like typical live fish
post flop where they're just going to be
playing their draws too passively this
is now the range we can open the button
as you can see we're almost opening
nearly 100% if you do have more passive
fish in the blinds if you feel like you
have an edge you can start getting
pretty out of line as far as the hands
that you can open profitably on the
button all right guys real quick if
you're enjoying the video please
subscribe to the channel if you show me
your subscribe to the channel pull out
your phone show me in person you're
subscrib to the channel I will give you
my permission to get my face tattooed on
you a lot of people have been asking hey
Mark can I have your permission to get
your face tattooed on me anyway just
subscribe to the channel and yes yes you
can all right let's talk about isoing
now so let's say under the gun limps and
we are next to act this would be a range
that I would consider isoing the limper
so coming in for a raise over the limper
as you can see this is pretty tight it's
going to look a lot like our EP open
range which makes a lot of sense here
because generally we're just concerned
about having five six players behind us
who could wake up at any time with a
premium hand you can see these hands
here that are half these are partials
now I'm not sitting there in game
randomizing that is ridiculous how I'm
deciding whether to open these hands or
not the deeper I am the more likely I am
to so a hand like pocket sevs or 98
suited or ace4 suited how else am I
thinking about it the bigger the skill
Edge I have say this player is very very
weak who limps under the gun I may be
more likely to ISO one of these partial
hands and finally are they likely to
limp a Rays if I know they're just
opening all their good hands and they
are limping all their mediocre medium
hands then I'm much more likely to ISO a
hand like sixes or fives or A8 suited
here so those would be the questions I
would ask when I am thinking about
isoing some of these hands that are on
the border do not randomize live if you
randomize live you are a fish now let's
look at our range when we are on the
button in somebody limps and as you can
see this is much much wider here now
it's not going to be as wide as our
button open range because that open
range was pretty ridiculous and we have
to take into account when people limp
they generally don't limp to limp fold
so we generally just want some pretty
good hands here now the reason we can go
much wider than early position is
because we don't have to worry about so
many players behind us and again these
partials I would determine by asking the
questions how big is our skill Edge how
deep are we where did this player limp
from did they limp from the cut off or
did they limp from EP are the blinds
behind us aggressive or those players
going to three bet aggressively those
are the questions I would be asking to
determine just how wide we can ISO when
we are on the button all right let's
talk about continuing versus opens now
so this would be what my hijack continue
range would look like as we talked about
generally want to play three bet or fold
especially when we are not on the button
or not in the big blind when a fish or
recreational player opens as you can see
this one is pretty tight because in
general the average recreational player
doesn't open that wide from up front now
if this is a more aggressive player we
can get a little bit wider here and if
this is a tighter player we need to be a
little bit tighter ourselves but in
general we want to play pots heads up in
position against weaker players when
deep where we can realize our skill Edge
now I want to go ahead and look at two
different scenarios from the button when
a recreational player opens first I want
to look at when a aggressive player
opens so say an aggressive recreational
player opens from the hijack or cut off
it doesn't really matter where they open
from as we talk about positional
configuration doesn't matter as much as
how aggressive or how tight or how
passive is this player so let's say an
aggressive player opens and we are on
the button here we can go pretty pretty
wide right we generally want to be
playing more three better fold but we
can occasionally work in some Flats when
we are on the button because we are
going to have absolute position post
flop you can see when an aggressive
player opens we just generally want to
be isoing quite a lot here we're going
all the way down to like King six suited
all of our suited connectors all the way
down to pocket Deuces if we do have like
a super super big way who's very very
deep with us in the big blind or
whatever maybe we can start working in
some Flats but in general I still prefer
to play three bet or fold versus
recreational players opens even on the
button now let's look at what happens
when we are on the button and a very
very tight recreational player opens
right so say this player is opening like
7.5% you may be thinking 7.5% that's
tighter than our under the gun range
right tighter than our under the gun
range so say this player has like an
open limping range say they're just
limping with a lot of their pairs a lot
of their suited Broadways a lot of their
suited ax well in that case they may
only be opening their premiums right in
that case we want to be continuing
pretty pretty tight as a three bet here
and here's when we would work in more
Flats we generally just don't want to
three bet a super super strong range now
say we were in the hijack for the cut
off I would be much less likely to Flat
in general I don't want to be continuing
as a call when a fish opens unless we
are on the button or we are in the big
blind all right let's talk about our big
blind defense here and this is going to
be for when we 200 big blinds again
versus a 4X open and this is against
that player type we talked about for the
player type who's going to have some
lims and when they open they're going to
be very very strong so this would be
against a player who's opening maybe
7.5% RFI say he opens hijack or cut off
folds to us in the big blind this would
be our continue range as you see here we
are going to be continuing as a call
quite a lot and we're just going to be
three betting our very very good hands
here how would I decide if I'm three
betting hand like Ace Queen suited or
pocket Jacks again how tight is the
player if they're super super knit those
hands just get flatted if maybe they're
opening a little bit wider those hands
get three bet for value and as you see
here generally against recreational
players we just want to be three betting
our good better best hands we don't
really have a bunch of three bet Bluffs
because when they open they generally
just continue too much so we just want
to be able to outand them so we're not
going to be three betting hands like
pseud connectors here against a
recreational player with a tight range
that would be ridiculous we just want to
be three betting our very very strong
hands when a passive recreational player
opens and we are in the big blind all
right now a little bit more wild let's
say that aggressive recreational player
opens and folds around to us in the big
blind and now you see here we're getting
a little bit more crazy we're doing a
ton of three betting versus say a 30%
open range but as you can see again this
is going to be a very linear three bet
range which means we're going to be
three betting our good hands our better
hands and our best hands you may be
wondering like how does a hand like King
five suited fall into that category well
pretty much against a 30% open range all
of these hands are performing pretty
well so we're just going to be three
betting quite a lot as you can see this
upper left hand corner here the left
hand snippet of the hand balloon chart
the hand balloon chart just gets three
bet pure so all of our suited Broadways
all of our big pairs as you can see
we're defending quite a lot wider here
but we're mostly defending as a three
bet rather than as a call which is
probably a big departure from how a lot
of people are playing I know it's a big
departure from how I'm playing a lot of
the time but remember in high rake live
environments when someone opens for 4X
we want to play bigger pots against Bad
players to minimize the effect of rake
and again this is when a loose
aggressive player opens and it folds to
us and we are in the big blind all right
now let's talk about squeezing and what
is squeezing well squeezing is when
player a opens player B cold calls in
the field and now it comes around to us
so in this example this would be say
someone opened in the hijack the cut off
cold calls and now it comes to us on the
button this would be our squeezing range
and as you notice here again we want to
be going linear which means good better
and best because the more players who
call the less likely we are to get our
three bet through without seeing a flop
so because we're going to be seeing a
flop a high percentage of the time we
just want to have hands that can outand
them you don't see hands like 76 suited
or 65 suited or King six suited getting
in there right the reason why we're
going a little bit wider here maybe down
to Ace jack off down to pocket 7s
something like that is because when
someone opens then someone cold calls
that cold call there's just going to be
a lot of dead money out there the cold
call in general doesn't have very many
strong strong hands so we just want to
be getting in there with hands that can
outper form both the opener and the cold
collar and just go with a linear range
here good better and best all right now
let's talk about how do we play when we
get three bet first let's talk about out
of position then we'll talk about in
position so out of position first so
let's say we open hijack and button
three bets this will be against a
passive player in general a lot of
recreational players are going to tilt
more towards the passive side we are not
going to be doing a lot of four betting
because when they three bet us they're
just three betting too tight of range we
do defend you see we're kind of just
preferring like a lot of these like
pairs or maybe these small direct suited
connectors over even some of these like
big Broadway cards like you see these
offit Broadway cards are just all folded
the ace Queen off king queen off Ace
jack off these hands can just get us in
trouble I'm not randomizing here I'm
basing my kind of borderline calls off
of what kind of skill Edge do I have
against this player how predictably is
this player going to play post flop are
they going to Barrel off when they miss
or are they just going to check back and
let me realize how deep are we so again
this would kind of be like a rough
starting point for a continue range when
we get three bet and we are out of
position versus a passive player now as
you can see versus a more aggressive
player we are just continuing a little
bit wider and we're going to be forbing
quite a bit more one of the concepts I
kind of want to drill home which I think
a lot of even live Pros kind of misapply
when we are out of position and we get
three bet we want to be forting a linear
range you can see this is kind of a
pattern why do we want to be forb
betting a linear range well in general
what is the player in position going to
do they three bet and now they get four
bet and they're in position they're
going to be doing a lot of calling so
because they're going to be doing a lot
of calling we just want to forb bet
hands that can kind of outand them if
they're going to be continuing with a
hand like Ace 10 suited or King 10
suited then for betting off Ace Queen
suited or king queen suited starts to
look pretty good for us and I think the
mistake I see a lot of Live players make
is they start for betting from out of
position hands like Ace du suited or Ace
6 suited or Ace 4 suited or something
like that we don't want to be for
betting a hand like like ace6 suited or
A4 suited if imposition is going to be
continuing and calling with a hand like
Ace 10 suited or Ace Jack suited we just
want to be able to outand them so why
not foret the ace Queen suited or the
king queen suited that can dominate
their continues rather than forb betting
a pure bluff if they're just going to be
calling way too much all right now let's
look at in position so say we open
button and small blind three bets this
is how I would continue and as you see
here we continue much wider when we are
going to be in position this is the
point we can start doing a lot more
calling when we're in position we just
don't have as much incentive to for bet
because the out of position player isn't
going to do nearly as much calling as
the example before now when they are out
of position to us they're going to be
doing more put in the extra bet or
folding so we just don't really have a
ton of incentive to forb off a ton so
you see here Asus still gets pure forb
bet especially when deep because we can
just cooler their kings we can cooler
their Ace King suited we can cooler
their Queens do not trap pocket aces if
you are plus big blinds deep now at 50
bigs or 60 bigs whatever that's a little
bit different trapping Aces when you're
going to have an spr1 going to the Flop
that seems okay but at 200 big blinds
deep you just always want to Pile in
more money as a forb bet with pocket
aces here but in general we just don't
have a lot of incentive to continue with
forb bets as you see here now this is
going to be one of the only examples
where we continue with a polarized range
what is a polarized range well quite
simply a polarized range is when we
forit off the very strongest hands at
the top of our range and then the bottom
of our range as well and as you can see
it's not going to be like trashy hands
here it's going to be hands that compose
the worst hands we would continue with
maybe our worst suited Aces like ace5
suited Ace 9 suited our worst suited
King like a king 10 suited and maybe one
of our suited connectors our direct
suited connectors like an 87 suited so
again these are optional the way I would
decide if I'm going to for bet these
kind of polarized Bluff hands is do they
three bet enough and how are they
continuing to a four-b if they're going
to be doing quite a lot of folding to a
four-b I may work in some of these
Bluffs now if when they three bet
they're just never folding in a million
years I would cut these hands out right
I would just never forb bet the king 10
suited ace9 suited 87 suited and I would
just go a little bit more linear with
the top of my range but in general don't
need to go overboard with this can
generally just be doing a lot of calling
in position when we get three bet how
does our range change when we get three
bet by an aggressive player well in
general we're just continuing pretty
pretty wide as you see the top of our
range for for betting expands a little
bit here now we're going to go down to
Queens maybe all the Ice King off and
the bottom of our range for four betting
polar expands as well against an
aggressive player we want to be doing a
little bit more forb bluffing because
they're just going to have a lot of
hands that have to fold so we want to
use a lot of these kind of crappy acex
hands right like Ace du suited A6 suited
A7 suited kind of these hands that we
don't mind if they Jam well okay we were
just bluffing we can get out of the way
we can fold we're not really folding out
a bunch of equity here against the
aggressive players I would definitely
work in some of these more polar four
bet Bluffs when we are in position again
when we are out of position we generally
want a four bet linear good better and
best and when we're in position that's
when we can work in some of these more
polarized forb Bluffs because the outof
position player probably isn't going to
be continuing as a call nearly as much
as if they were in position all right
let's talk about cold for betting so say
a player opens in the hijack and a
player three bets in the cuto off and
now we are on the button in general in
this specific scenario I am continuing
as either a cold four bet meaning
putting in the extra bet or a fold I am
not a big fan of cold calling three bets
when one player opens and then the next
player three bets and we have yet to act
the reason why is because if we just
cold call the three bet lots of bad
things can happen whereas the original
opener can now four bet and we are kind
of shut out of the pot and also our hand
just kind of looks obvious when people
cold call three bets they generally have
hands that are like pocket Jacks pocket
10 pocket 9es maybe some Ace King offit
and some suited Broadways and they just
don't have the top of that range so you
become pretty easy to play against when
you start cold calling three bets in
general it's just something I like to
cut out of my game now this is different
than say we open and a player three bets
us and back to us in that case it's okay
to call this is when an extra player
gets added to the mix so these ranges
are going to be based upon the player
who three bets say the player who three
bets is very very tight well we want to
be cold four betting very very tight say
the player who three bets is pretty
aggressive and pretty wide well we can
be cold for betting a little bit wider
here so this is what a wide cold forb
bet range would look like and as you can
see it's still pretty tight because when
we come in for a cold forb it should
just be kind of our very best hands now
it doesn't make sense to work in Bluffs
here like an ace4 suited or an ace3
suited if we're going to be folding Ace
10 suited right we just want to use kind
of our very best hands here so this
would be a wide cold 4B range and this
would be a tight cold 4B range now very
briefly I want to talk about continuing
versus 4 bet that's either in position
or out of position so say a player opens
we three bet them and now they forb bet
US versus a passive player as you see
here we're just continuing very very
tight because what does a passive player
have when they forbid us kings ace King
Queens Aces something like that maybe
how do I decide if I continuing with
these Jacks Queens Ace King off just how
passive is the player have you seen this
guy ever for bet Bluff or is this the
guy who hasn't four bet Bluff since 1976
if the latter is the case we could just
pretty much be folding everything except
Kings plus and against a more aggressive
opponent when they forbit we continue
just a little bit wider again we're not
really comfortable five betting anything
except Aces and you may be thinking well
aren't I unbalanced if I only five bet
Aces yes who cares they're unbalance
when they forb bet you because they are
under for betting do you think they are
going to be folding too much or folding
too little when they for bet they're
going to be folding way too little once
they for bet and you put in the five bet
because their range is way too strong so
unless you start seeing recreational
players fold hand like Ace King or Kings
or Queens to a jam which doesn't really
happen then just go on your Merry way
and continue five betting only pocket
aces against recreational players is
this different against Pros yes this is
different when we are playing against
Pros we can't just be so face up so
let's talk now about some pre- flap
adjustments we can make when playing
against Pros all right if you remember
from earlier I said when a pro opens we
want to be doing quite a lot of calling
and that is one of our exceptions
because we want to let fish in the pot
so say a pro opens from under the gun a
strong Pro opens from under the gun and
we are also in early position and the
rest of the table is fish what we want
to be doing quite a bit of flatting here
because our incentive is to let the fish
in the pot but we can't just never three
bet when a pro opens because we can't
just let them get away with murder right
and we can't just only three BET our
very strongest hands because well Pros
are aware they know what's going on and
if we did that they would pick up on it
so here is a strategy I like to play
when a pro opens and most of the rest of
the table is fish and this would be
early position versus early position I'm
going to be three betting a polarized
range so you guessed it the very top of
my range which from early position may
look like kings plus Ace King suited
plus and then the very bottom of our
continuing range which again since we
are early positioned and we have to
worry about the six or seven other
players at the table behind us would be
very tight so the bottom of our
continuing range maybe like our worst
suited Ace Ace five suited our worst
suited King King Jack suited our worst
suited Jack and queen so something like
this when a pro opens from early
position and we are also early position
now as we move to later position say a
pro opens from the cut off and we are on
the button same incentives but
everything shifts a little bit wider now
the top of our range may look like Jack
plus Ace King plus Ace Queen suited Plus
in the bottom of our range may look like
our worst suited Aces right the ace du
suited and the A6 suited some of our
worst suited 9x here and then some just
kind of direct suited connectors again a
lot of flatting because if there's two
fish in the blinds we generally want to
let those fish in and play a pot against
the players who are going to make the
big biggest mistakes post flop now let's
say a rig opens cut off and we are on
the button and there's also a strong Pro
in the small blind or two Pros in the
blinds in that case I would recommend
table change or if you can't table
change say that's the only game going on
in your Casino I would not be playing a
polarized range I would just be playing
kind of a three bet or fold strategy in
that example if there's no fish behind
we just want to play a linear three bet
or fold strategy when a pro opens but in
general there are going to be fish
behind when a pro opens if you're
playing live poker that's usually how
live poker works so in that case I'd be
playing this more polarized strategy let
the fish in the pot behind all right
finally and this may be most important
I'm going to give you seven pre- flap
red flags to pay attention to when you
are playing live poker red flag number
one when a recreational player five bets
so say we open Button they three bet we
got Kings we're going to put in the four
bet for value and now they five bet Jam
five bets from recreational players are
usually Aces but sometimes also to be
fair it could also be Aces hear those
ambulance sirens coming in the distance
feel those Goosebumps Rising on the back
of your neck you should be folding quite
a lot that is one of the scenarios where
I may fold pocket kings in live poker
when a recreational player five bets red
flag number two and this is just as
scary when a recreational player four
bets to greater than onethird of their
stack size say a recreational player
opens in the cut off we three bet the
pocket kings and now they forb bet they
put in 350 starting 800 effective here
this is a red flag why is this a red
flag well if they had a hand like Ace
King they may just Jam if they had a
hand like Queens they would do a lot of
calling or sometimes they may just Jam
when they foret to this size like 40% of
their stack what did they have well
usually they have Aces but once in a
blue moon and I'm going to be fair here
once in a blue moon they also have Aces
so this would be another scenario hear
those ambulance sirens getting closer
and closer when they foret to this
percentage of their stack and
essentially commit themselves pre- flop
they just have aces all right red flag
number three when a recreational player
cold four bets so let's look at this
here A recreational player opens in the
cut off we three bet on the button and
now a wreck wakes up in the small blind
and cold forb bets why is this such a
red flag when they have a hand like Jack
or sometimes even queens or tens or
nines or Ace King a lot of the times
what they'll do when it gets open and
three bet in front of them is they'll
just cold call they'll just come in for
a call so when they for bet what does
that mean well they just have Aces and
Kings maybe sometimes Ace King suited or
Queens so just be very very very very
cautious when a recreational player cold
for bets because the range is going to
be very very strong all right red flag
number four when the big blind or player
closing the action pre- flop three bets
against an early position open so say we
open pocket kings from under the gun
here and now a recreational player in
the big blend wakes up and three bets
from the big blend this is going to be
very very strong hands it's going to be
massively under bluffed why because
players can just call from the big blind
right so when they three bet here it's
not often going to be hands like nines
or t or king queen suited or something
like that because those hands are really
tempting just to call when you are
closing the action and you are out of
position so this isn't a situation where
I would fold Kings this isn't as big as
red flag as when a wreck cold forb bets
or when they put in 40% of their stack
pre- flop but this is still a little bit
alarming and I would be continuing very
very tight I would proceed very
cautiously when a recreational player
three bets from the big blind facing an
early position open red flag number five
when You Face a large or abnormal open
size for the game usually this is just
going to be a very very strong range so
say a wreck opens from 40 under the gun
when they're normally opening to 20 or
25 in this case we can use this to our
advantage if we have a hand like kings
or Aces here we don't want to three bet
to a typical three or 4X sizing here no
go big because when they open to $4 from
under the gun they just have a hand
that's not folding to a three bet so
this is an example where I may just go
like five or 6X a ridiculous three bet
size when we do have a premium here
because they've told us hey I have a
strong hand I'm not folding all right
red flag number number six when a
recreational player who has an open
limping range opens from up front if
they have an open limping range that
means when they open Rays well their
range is just going to be stronger so
again here say this player just limps a
lot of times with pocket pairs or suited
Broadways or suited ASX when they open
from under the gun that means you're
just going to have like strong pairs Ace
King Ace Queen hands like that so if we
wake up with a hand like kings or Aces
again we want to be going really really
big here because they are not going to
be open folding when they have this
strong of a range and finally red flag
number seven when a recreational player
limp raises pre flops so say they limp
under the gun we ISO here with Kings and
now they put in the limp rays and this
is situation again I may not be folding
Kings right here but I would already be
feeling pretty squeamish I would be
feeling very precarious I would not be
feeling gregarious okay that's enough I
would just be continuing pretty pretty
tight here and I would proceed very very
cautiously when they limp Rays from
early position all right guys hopefully
you enjoyed this video and this helps
tighten up your pre flop game so now you
can build that skyscraper and you don't
fall on a pile full of beans thank you
guys and have a gentle day