the ultimate guide to playing out of
position so before we jump in I want to
talk about a big picture concept making
the most amount of money playing poker
is essentially just putting your
opponents in situations where they make
the biggest mistakes so keep that in
mind because that concept is basically
the entire Crux of this out of position
strategy so without further Ado let's
Jump Right In we're playing 25 800
effective here and we open up the cut
off to $20 with a couple of mystery
cards the button who's going to be the
villain in this hand calls and we're
going to go to a flop so here's our
strategy and this is complex so you may
want to take notes when we flop a set
we're going to check when we flop top
pair we're going to check when we flop a
draw we're going to check but when we
flop air here well uh we're we're also
going to check we're going to check our
entire range why in live poker players
in position generally make more mistakes
versus a check than versus a bet what
mistakes did they make number one they
just stab way too much for protection
when they have Jack X they just almost
always bet here on a wet Dynamic board
and if they have a hand like 9x or
pocket 10 they just bet at way too high
of a frequency trying to protect their
hand the second mistake they make is
they Telegraph their hand strength with
their bet sizing now this doesn't
correlate perfectly one to one but in
general they just have way too many
strong hands when they bet big and way
too many weak or marginal hands when
they bet small or medium the third
mistake they make they don't protect
their checkback range they almost never
check back monsters like Jack n suited
or pocket Deuces or pocket 9es on this
board and when they do check back this
is going to mean our Bluffs are going to
be insanely profitable across turns and
rivers so we're going to check our
entire range how do we respond when they
stab first let's talk about what we do
when they stab big so we check here and
they stab 35 into 47 pretty easy
strategy here when they stab big we're
just going to raise our very best hands
and our very best draws our very best
hands may be hands like Jack n suited
pocket NES pocket Deuces just
essentially hands that can cooler them
and then our best draws here well we're
going to have some combo draws we could
have Queen 10 of Spades King Queen of
Spades King 10 of Spades 10 eight of
spades we're just going to call here
with our good hands hands like pocket
queens or Jack X we're also going to
call with our decent hands hands like 9x
and we're going to call with the rest of
our draws that aren't combo draws so
hands like Ace High flush draws maybe
open in straight draws and then we're
going to fold pretty much everything
else so all of our low Equity draws
hands like King Queen of Diamonds here
our Showdown value hands like pocket
sevens pocket fours those hands would
just get folded here and then our
Complete Air of course that is folding
as well hands like seven six of clubs so
that's how we play against the big stab
what about if they stab small here like
$20 in 247 versus a small stab we're
still going to raise our very best hands
but now we're going to raise our good
hands as well so hands like pocket kings
pocket Queens pocket aces maybe Ace Jack
plus here and now we're going to raise
all of our draws right because when they
stab small they just have too much weak
and marginal crap that just can't hold
on so a hand like king queen of hearts
here two overs in a gut shot that would
be raising a hand like Queen 10 of
diamonds here that would be raising a
hand like 8 seven of diamonds just a
naked gut shot here that would be
raising all of our draws are going to be
raising so that's a difference versus
the small stab we're just going to have
a lot more raises also against the small
stab we're going to call anything with
Showdown value now hands like pocket
sevens pocket fours would be called hell
even a hand that has good ace high
Showdown value a hand like Ace Queen off
we may call here and then pretty much
the only thing we're folding here is
pure air everything else here is pretty
much getting called or raised when they
stab small and just keep in mind when
they stab small here they just have so
many more weak hands and marginal hands
and the more fold Equity we have the
actual less equity in our hand we need
so we can get away with just raising our
draws quite a bit more because we're
just going to generate so many more
folds so what size do we check RS when
they stab and this is where our strategy
deviates pretty wildly I think from
everything else out there because we
recommend using ridiculous check Ray
sizes somewhere between 6 to 10x so why
do we recommend these ridiculously huge
check R sizes well in a vacuum our
opponents just play worse against these
huge sizes than they do against the
standard 3 to 4X check rays and remember
we want to put our opponents in nodes
where they make the biggest mistakes
essentially they are inelastic here with
their good hands and good draws whether
we go 3x or whether we go 10x they're
calling to one raise one time no matter
what let me give an example to show just
how big of mistakes they're making let's
say this board was A7 Deuce rainbow and
they stabbed for $20 and we check raised
adex to $160 and let's say the button
flatted here with a hand like Ace King
or Ace Queen to our cut off open how
often do you think they're supposed to
fold Ace King or Ace Queen Queen on this
board to an 8X check raise maybe
sometimes right maybe 25 30 40 maybe 50%
right they are supposed to fold Ace King
and Ace Queen here pure to an adex check
raise 100% of the time in equilibrium
and I think you can agree my grandmother
could agree that just doesn't happen
they're not folding Ace King or Ace
Queen on this board what about a hand
like ace deuce top and bottom pair how
often are they supposed to fold that
maybe 10% 20% the board is rather dry
hard for us to be bluffing I don't know
maybe 33% no they're supposed to fold
Ace Duce more than 50% of the time what
about pocket deuces are they supposed to
fold a set to an adx check raise yes
they're supposed to fold a set 25 to 30%
of the time when we check rais to 8X I
think we can all agree that just isn't
happening so let's put in the huge check
raises and punish them and make them
make mistakes in a line that they are
completely unfamiliar with so 6 to 10x
is a big Continuum how do we decide
whether to go 6X or whether to go 10x we
can go bigger if the board is wet and
dynamic or if we are super deep we
probably want to lean towards that
smaller 6X size if the board is dry or
static or if we are a bit more shallow
now there is a case to be made here for
also having a small check Ray size and
just getting them to fold their random
BS stabs the problem is I believe that a
simple strategy executed well is always
going to outperform a complex strategy
executed mediocrely we are humans we are
not computers we make mistakes I like to
simplify because my brain gets garbled
but if this strategy is easy for you and
you want to try implementing both a
small check R size and a big check R
size go ahead so let's talk about how to
play turns after we check rise let's say
we checked them on the Flop they stab
small we check raise big and they call
how do we play turns first let's
separate our hands into three different
categories low Equity Bluffs High Equity
Bluffs and value hands so low Equity
Bluffs would be draws that have less
than eight outs to make our hand maybe
like a gutshot so what are we doing on
the turn with low Equity draws in
General we're just going to give up
because we think yes they do have mostly
a weaker range medium strength hands
that they're just protecting when they
bet small but now we check raised to 8
to 10x right so once they call that
check raise well we have to reassess
what their range is now their range is
just going to be much stronger right so
with our low Equity draws remember the
less fold Equity we have the more equity
in our hand we need and we think after
they call this big check raise well we
have a little bit less fold Equity now
they probably have a better hand and we
just don't have that much Equity to
improve if we have less than eight outs
to make our hand so with our low Equity
Bluffs we are just going to be giving up
on turns that doesn't mean we're giving
up on the entire hand if the turn goes
check check we still have options we can
obviously Bluff the river but in general
we're not going to Barrel off here so
now let's talk about our high Equity
draws here draws with eight or more outs
to improve so maybe a flush draw or a
combo draw something like that here how
do we decide if we're going to keep
barreling the turn well first of all we
are just going to give up on a couple
turns if the turn pairs the board or the
turn brings in a oneliner to a straight
we are just going to check and give up
it doesn't mean we're giving up on the
hand if our opponent checks back we have
some options on the river if our
opponent bets small we can call and try
to realize Etc but these are going to in
general be bad cards for us to continue
barreling when the board pairs now our
opponent can have trips they can have
full houses and they just get a little
bit more in elastic with top pair hands
they just fall in love with those a
little bit more because their hand looks
stronger and it's harder for us to have
a very strong hand but that's going to
be very few turns so most turns we are
going to continue barreling with our
high Equity draws in general with our
high Equity draws when we're going to be
continuing on turns the goal is to
maximize fold Equity so we need to
decide if we're playing a three Street
game or a two Street game and the way to
decide that is after we check raise this
flop are we going to have enough behind
if we bet this turn again for a Big
River Bluff and when we have a bluff I
like to make sure that on the river we
have at least an overb behind because we
want to maximize that fold equity on the
river and no matter what size we bet
here on this turn even if we bet say 150
bucks here on this turn we're not going
to have enough to have that big overb
behind so in general A good rule of
thumb here is if the spr is less than
two I like to play a two Street game so
here the spr is less than two so I'm
just going to jam and try to maximize
fold Equity try to get weak Jack X hands
to fold and just go for it here on this
turn because we're not going to have
enough behind on the river well when can
we play a three Street game with our
Bluff well let's say we start this hand
1,400 effective instead of 800 effective
so here we check raise the Flop we go to
a turn and now in this situation we can
decide with our high Equity Bluff to
play a three Street game because the
best Bluff remember we talked about this
before the best Bluff is a bluff where
they call the Flop Call the turn and
fold the river and we can choose a size
here on the turn where they're going to
continue with their Jack X they're going
to continue with their draws and then we
can get a lot of that stuff to fold on
the river because we're going to have
that big scary overb behind so on this
turn here if we bet say 200 and our
opponent calls well look the pot is
going to be 847 going to the river and
we're going to have nearly a thousand
behind and that's going to be a very
scary bet for them if they have a hand
like Queen Jack or Jack 10 and besides
that we're just going to get the instant
folds from their flush draws their open
and straight draws that call the turn
and fold the river so we want to play a
three Street game if we can structure
the spr to have that big scary overb
behind on the river with our high Equity
draws finally let's talk about value and
value is going to be pretty simple we
want to go big if our hand needs
protection and we want to go small if
our hand is kind of invulnerable let's
look at an example here where we check
raised the Flop and notice here on the
Flop just a small Nuance here when we
have value when we have a hand like
pocket NES or pocket Deuces I'm already
thinking about the turn spr here so we
started this hand 800 effective I may go
a little bit bigger notice here with a
value on the flap I went 10x and with my
Bluffs I went 8X that doesn't
necessarily mean that I'm going smaller
with Bluffs or bigger with value I'm
just thinking about how I'm going to
structure the spr on the turn and with
my value here I want to structure the
spr on a lot of brick turns to be close
to 1: one because that's just going to
get called more and with my Bluffs I
want to structure the spr on the turn to
be closer to 2 to one because in that
specific scenario we're just going to
get more folds because the bluff size is
going to be more scary for that 2x overb
Jam but if we go 200 here well now going
to the turn with pocket NES we just have
a small overb going to the turn just a
little subtle Nuance but I think always
keeping in mind what you're trying to
accomplish what your goal is with your
hand so in this particular situation
with a hand like pocket nines or a hand
like pocket Deuces our hand does need
protection and let's be real if they
have a hand like a combo draw or an ace
high flesh draw they're probably not
going to fold even a hand like Ace Jack
is probably not folding here when we Jam
for just slightly over pot so at this
point we probably just want to put the
money in before bad cards run out our
hand does need protection so let's just
put the money in now with pocket nines
however let's say the turn card was this
deu of diamonds here and on this turn
card we would ask is our hand
invulnerable with pocket NES yeah Ace
Jack is almost drawing dead right they
just has two outs against us and a hand
like a flush draw or a straight draw is
drawing dead against us so it would be a
tragedy here if we just jammed and they
folded a flush draw or a straight draw
one thing to keep in mind is live poker
players in general are going to get much
more elastic with their draws when the
board pairs because now they can't make
the nuts so if we want to keep in their
draws when the board pairs we're going
to have to choose slightly smaller sizes
so in this specific example our value is
not vulnerable so we would want to go
small here one more example if we did
check raise this flop with a hand like
King Queen of Spades or queen 10 of
Spades and we hit the flush on the turn
this this is another example of where we
want to go small is our hand vulnerable
well of course a flesh could roll off
right a four flesh could roll off and
they could make a better hand but in
general our hand is not that vulnerable
here and it would be a tragedy if they
folded a hand like Ace Jack or King Jack
here which is drawing dead or if they do
have a spade very very thinly against us
so we would consider our hand
invulnerable and we would want to go
small again to make sure that they don't
fold hands like Jack X here on this turn
all right so now we know how to play
turns if they bet the Flop and we check
raise but what if the Flop goes check
check right what if they check back so
let's talk about my favorite part of
this strategy what happens when the Flop
goes check check so we check to them on
the Flop they check back turn is a blank
so let's think about what their range is
when they check back this flop Showdown
value type hands hands like pocket sixes
pocket fives pocket eights maybe some 9x
pocket 10 or they're going to have a
bunch of of air so let's think about
what happens if well if we start betting
here they're going to call with their
Showdown value and fold their air but
what happens if we check well if we
check they're going to stab a lot of the
time with their Showdown value because
people think if they have pocket sixes
here what does it look like we have it
looks like we have a hand like Ace King
so they're just going to start stabbing
a lot to protect their hand if they
didn't stab on the Flop so their
Showdown values going to stab here at a
high frequency and their air well if
they did check back the Flop with
complete air with a complete whiff they
checked back because they didn't want to
start like a three Street Bluff well now
we've just given them even more rope so
if we check this turn a lot of the range
to check back flop is now going to stab
their air is going to stab and their
Showdown value is going to stab at a
high frequency so on turn blanks we are
going to want to do a lot of checking so
let's say we check to them they stab on
this turn what are we going to do with
all of our hands well pretty simple our
good hands are just going to be raising
so top pair top kicker plus Ace Jack
pocket Queens pocket NES pocket Deuces
Jack n suited now all of our draws here
are going to be raising so whether we
have a combo draw like Queen T of Spades
or King Queen of Spades or whether we
just have a naked gut shot we are going
to be raising all of our draws here on
this turn why well when they check back
the Flop they just don't have any super
super strong hands like Jack n suited
pocket 99's pocket Deuces occasionally
they could have a hand like pocket 3's
but besides pocket 3s here when we check
raise the turn and Pile in all the money
on the river they just don't have many
hands that can call us down so remember
when we have a draw the more fex Equity
we have the less equity in our hand we
need and we may not have a ton of fold
equity on the turn but we're going to
have a bunch of fold equity on the river
and the best Bluff is the bluff where
they call the turn and then fold the
river and then with our decent hands in
Showdown value here we're just going to
be check calling so if we have a weak
top pair maybe a 9x maybe pocket eights
pocket sevens pocket sixes hands like
that we are just going to be check
calling on this turn and then when we
have complete air like seven six of
clubs we are going to be folding so
that's a strategy on a blank turn what
about a nut changing turn like let's say
the three of space here we only have
time to cover so much in one video if
you want all of the sauce we have
defaults built out for almost every
single scenario so what if the turn is
an ace what if the turn is a Broadway
card what if the turn is straightening
or board pairing what if the turn is a
joker you want the answers we've got
most of them if you're a serious cash
game player consider joining one of our
live poker boot camps and we can help
you become one of the biggest winners in
your entire player pool finally let's
talk about playing turns after we check
call The Flop this is the final node
we've got to play right so we checked
them on the Flop they stab we call how
do we play the turns first let's talk
about when they stab big flop so let's
say we checked them on the Flop they
step 35 into 47 here we call turn is a
blank and we check and they double
barrel how are we going to continue here
well let's just keep it pretty simple we
are going to continue with top pair plus
here and we're going to continue with
our high Equity draws remember we're not
raising our non-combo draws when they
stab big on the Flop we're also not
raising our over pairs or Jack X when
they stab big on the Flop we're only
raising our best hands and our best
draws so we just have a lot of pretty
good hands to continue with here so
we're just going to continue with top
pair plus and our good draws so now
let's talk about what happens when they
stab small on the Flop how do we play
the turns let's go to the turn the turn
is a blank and now when they double
barrel on this turn we're just going to
continue with middle pair plus we're not
going to have a bunch of draws because
when they stab small on the Flop we're
going to raise off a bunch of our draws
but if we somehow do get to this turn
with a draw we are going to continue to
double barrel and finally one more bit
of nuance let's say we do check call the
big stab on the Flop we check call the
turn here with maybe an ace high flush
draw and now the flush comes in on the
river this is a situation where I'd
recommend being super exploitative and
just donking when we hit with our draws
here and the reason why I would do that
because in general live poker players
make a couple of mistakes number one
they don't bet Rivers thinly enough and
number two they don't triple barrel
Bluff enough so if we check here and
they do have a hand like a Jack they're
not going to bet themselves and if we
check here and they do have a hand like
king queen or queen 10 that missed
they're probably also not going to bet
themselves we just should be donking
here when we hit on this River because
they're not going to fold a hand like
Jack X if we donk for the right size
here and if we checked they would never
bet that hand themselves and we're not
necessarily missing value from a bluff
that would bluff if we checked here
because in general live poker players
massively under triple barrel the only
way I would deviate here is if you are
playing against a strong player who is
capable of value betting thinly and is
capable of bluffing I would not be
donking my draws here when I get here on
the river but against most live poker
players in general I would just be
donking myself on this River to Target a
hand like Jack X which I don't think is
folding to a single bet as long as we
choose a reasonable size so I hope you
guys enjoyed this out of position
strategy guide and just keep in mind
that one concept that we talked about
making the most amount of money playing
live poker is putting your opponents
into the nodes where they make the
biggest mistakes thank you guys and have
a gentle day